5044	0	2014-11-16	Drinks were bad, the hot chocolate was watered down and the latte had a burnt taste to it. The food was also poor quality, but the service was the worst part, their cashier was very rude.
100987 we went here with some friends that live in the neighborhood and it was super cute. The people were very friendly and the food was delicious. i had the vegetable risotto which was tasty with fresh corn, sweet potato and other yummy things. i also tasted the steak au poivre which was very peppery. i liked it. this is a great place to go for a yummy and enjoyable meal.
153618	I love this place. Decor 10 out of 10, Taste 10 out of 10. and seriously is it a chef making these meals or a chemist. the mixture of the flavors is just perfect and amazing. you enjoy every bite you take. and wow the bread to start off with adds this moist and chewiness that you want to savor..... you can't go wrong with this place. the duck and the salmon was wonderful and great portion size too! but like it said. i loved the bread lol.
Explanation in terms of weights
14627	I really like pizza, and I came here really loving the Lombardi's that used to exist in Philadelphia. That one probably produced the same pizza that the 5-star reviews here refer to. Unfortunately, the one they gave me was soggy and unpleasant, and took some 2 hours of waiting to finally procure. So I am not really a fan.
41268	The place is totally overcrowded, noisy, too brightly lit, not relaxing, and gratuitously overpriced. Overrun by tourists. Completely not worth it. Go to a real restaurant if you want a relaxing and enjoyable eating experience. If you're just there to shop, be jostled by the madding crowd and by gypped, then you might enjoy it.
24053	This place is great. Reminiscent of a Japanese spin on "fast food," but the quality is anything but that. I got a hearty meal of vegetables over brown rice with tofu for under ten bucks. Food tasted fresh, came out quickly, and they serve beer and sake.
6008	Good service and good beer on tap. I wouldn't come here for food though.
86602	Cheesesteak was pretty good, albeit this is quite a touristy place and I'm sure there are plenty of better places in town, maybe without the hype but good or even better. Went for one here followed by another at Pat's. I preferred Geno's bread, but was more a fan of Pat's steak which was filleted and just less dry, with more onions. And the dried red pepper gave it that oomph!!.
5886	Cold Steak? Old Bread? Racist Owner? Count me in. If they made good cheese steaks I would still give a decent review but Pat's is better any day of the week. This place does not deserve to be such a Philly landmark with such bad food. This city is known for its food so step your game up.
22905	I don't like writing bad reviews but I feel compelled. I decided to come here with 2 friends based on the number of great reviews. All three of us eat out EVERY night...If an italian restaurant can't get the meatballs in tomato sauce right, should they be doing anything else? The meatballs were tough, and all of us at the table thought so. The eggplant appetizer needed seasoning and the sauce it came in had no flavor. I had the fillet of sole entrÈe which was a disaster. It tasted fishy and there was a brown pile of diarrhea looking (and tasting) substance on top of the fish..... not appetizing... I did not eat it.... am going back to my usual dining locations.... sometimes different isn't always better...
61861	Visited this restaurant last week and we kind love it. Dinning room, quite petite and close each other, but overall food wise is AOK. We tried their "Stuffed Challah Toast" (it was great, but I am not SWEET person). Their "Huevos Rancheros" was good and flavorful Tip.
5045	0	2014-09-08	This was the worst experience I've ever had a casual coffee/light fare place. †The server disappeared for 20 minutes, just talking to his friend by the window as my girlfriend and I sat dumbfounded that this dude had the nerve to do that on the job. †We're trying to make eye contact, but clearly getting paid to talk to his bud was more important to him. My girlfriend went up to the counter once the server disappeared into the back for another 5 minutes (what is this guy doing?) and asked if she should order food up there or something. †The girl at the counter gives her a weird look and just says "I'll get your server." †When they arrive from the back, they look over at our table and have a laugh. †Yeah, leaving us hanging for half-a-goddamn hour at a place with only two other customers is not funny - but in retrospect, your collective incompetence and false sense of entitlement certainly was. The food was okay. †For a place called "toast," I'd figured the bread would be better, but it was just cold Le Bus. †Additionally, I'm 95% sure the "andouille" in my special was just a link of the pre-packaged offering from Trader Joe's cut into four pieces. †$9 for unapologetic mediocrity will not be happening again. Avoid this place like the plague. †I almost didn't leave a tip, and honestly I shouldn't have. †I felt the buyer's remorse all day. †What a disgrace.
5046	0	2013-10-06	This is located on the site of the old Spruce St. Video. †The mild cofee is very good and the pastris are great. †At times, the service is slow even when it is not busy and at other times some patrons receive a complimentary mimosa drink. †The WIFI is good.
5047	0	2014-11-30	I enjoyed coffee and breakfast twice at Toast during my recent visit to Philly. The first morning I enjoyed the Omelette du Jour which had a savory filling of roast tomato, portobello, artichoke, goat cheese, and wilted spinach. It was accompanied by a crisp small side salad of baby greens, tomato, and berries. The house dressing was light and complementary, not at all over powering. I just HAD to complement the chef. The barista recommended a pour over coffee and it did not disappoint. He prepared my cup with care and attention to time and form. I followed the pour over with a wonderful latte, again prepared very well. As I was leaving town, I decided to visit again for breakfast before my long trip ahead. This breakfast was a delicious Eggs Benedict combo that was perfectly done and complemented by mushrooms, roast tomato, and a generous helping of wilted greens. A rich cup of melted butter accompanied the dish and the sweet side salad again brought balance to my meal. This time the barista made me a perfect cup of French Pressed Guatemalan Vienna roast coffee. It was balanced and bright, yet rich in flavor. I had to have a second cup to go! Cudos to the barista, chef, and friendly staff. Toast is definitely a place to visit, eat, and enjoy coffee prepared in a variety ways. Don't miss this one!
5048	0	2014-08-28	I love Toast! The food choices are fantastic - I love that they serve brunch all day, and their coffee is well brewed and prepared. I'm a fan of the large windows - it's the perfect location to sit and people watch for a little while. Nestled in Center City, Toast provides people like me who travel into the city for work a little haven to de-stress and kick back a little bit. The staff is wonderfully friendly and always eager to provide their own suggestions when you're not sure what to get. †Now that school is starting back up it also makes it the perfect environment to settle down and do some studying. I love the fact that they play Maps by the Yeah Yeah Yeah's - and related Pandora stations - it really sets the mood to unwind or have casual conversation with some friends. Can't wait to go back!
5049	0	2013-07-16	The egg on an English muffin (their take on eggs Benedict) was fantastic. Service was quick and pleasant. They have multiple roasters providing their coffee and the barista knew how to make a good cup. They have a La Marzocco Strada for espresso and then you can choose between a Chemex, French Press, or Fetco for filter coffee. There was plenty of seating, it's well lot, and comfortable. Free wifi available. Good stuff.
5050	0	2013-03-03	wonderful relaxed vibe and fantastic homemade English muffins. best Earl Grey tea in Center City.....looking forward to the outdoor seating in the Spring. friendly and helpful staff are a delight!
5051	0	2014-12-05	Extremely slow kitchen. I went with an hour to eat before my shift and told the server that information as well. I got canned fruit and an omelette over 45 minutes later. I boxed it and left. About 2 weeks later I was waiting for quick hem and asked for the fastest thing they could make, bagel and cream cheese was the answer. That took over 15 minutes. Don't come here with any time constraints.
5052	0	2014-11-26	I really wanted to love toast. It's quaint and cozy, and it was a perfect place to hop on a call while on my layover in Philadelphia. I figured I'd get a latte and some food while there. The latte was upwards of $4 for a small. I also ordered a turkey sausage grilled cheese, which I believe was around $10. We sat down and availed ourselves to the free wifi (great perk) while waiting for our food, which came within 15 mins. I took a bite of my crunchy grilled cheese, which was basically the size of a wonder bread slice, and was immediately horrified. This is not a grilled cheese with turkey sausage; this is a fucking abomination. I spread the sandwich and there was ONE slice of cheese on it--it was so dry that it wasn't even gooey or sticky. Also, there was ONE turkey sausage link that was sliced in half and spread diagonally across the sandwich. I would say that approximately 70% of the sandwich was turkey-less. The server happened to be nearby so my boyfriend said something about how the grilled cheese had no cheese...and he happily took it back and made a new one, with more cheese and the same amount of turkey sausage. It was a nice gesture but honestly, it's highway robbery to serve that sandwich and charge $10 for it. At the very most that sandwich costs $2 to make...and I'm including the side of salad greens. Overall, toast needs to step up their game. A little less stingy with the cheese, Some small tweaks to the menu, and slightly more reasonable prices, and the place would be great.
5053	0	2014-11-17	First brunch experience here in Philly (actually in my entire life), and oh man, I can see why now brunch is such a thing. My friends and I initially planned on Green Eggs Caf√©, but because we would have had to wait 45 minutes for a table, we came here instead. Not only did the waitress seat us quickly, but the place also provided a very toasty ambience. (No pun intended.) I ordered a plate of their special egg toast: two poached eggs served atop a homemade split English muffin, with smoked salmon and asaparagus on the side. (I opted out of the Hollandaise sauce.) O-M-G. While I didn't get that runny yolk porn experience, each bite was a delicious sensation of salty and savory. Also, that English muffin was on point - so chewy and carb-y. I definitely recommend this place for a nice brunch minus the the terribly long line.
5054	0	2014-10-20	Coffee is great and I live close so it's convenient! I've been here a handful of times but only eaten there twice. Their homemade English muffins are delish! I had mine with some jam. I've also had their avocado toast. It's poached eggs on homemade bread and alfalfa sprouts with plenty of avocado on the side. It comes with a side salad as well. It's really good but heavy on the alfalfa sprouts, I took most of them off and it was just fine after that! Their setup is nice, but windows, plenty of seating and even a handful of plugs if you want to do some work, which I appreciate. Their service leaves something to be desired though. Weekdays they only have counter service, which is understandable because most people are there to work while they have coffee and probably don't want to be bothered but still, some attention would be nice. I had to find my own utensils etc and the girl at the counter completely forgot that I was the one that was waiting for food, after only a few minutes. I'm all for good customer service so that was a little disappointing but I will still go for coffee and pastries. For a neighborhood that has tons of coffee shops this one is pretty good!
5055	0	2014-10-13	My family and I found this hidden gem while we were looking for a place to park and get some breakfast after traveling all day. We loved everything! The space is cute. The food was amazing! The juice and coffee were nice and fresh! We were impressed with Alex, the guy who took our order at the counter, delivered our food to our table, he also cleared other tables and seem to keep the line at the counter moving pretty fast!!! He manage all of these different jobs very efficiently and with a smile and a great personality! When we are in the area again, we will be sure to visit again!!!
5056	0	2014-10-07	So many great things to say about this place . They are open early!! That's the first draw if you need to get some work done before your day starts. They have great drinks and the food is really good too. Plenty of space sit with huge windows so you can look outside as you work. Perfect ambience with light music that is soothing and not distracting. The staff was incredibly friendly and responsive. Absolutely nothing to complain about I hope this place sticks around for a long time. Oh also they bring your food and drinks to you! So you can order and sit down and set up your work or chat with a friend without having to stand in a line (not that there would be a line because they are so quick).
5057	0	2014-10-06	.. I wanted to love this place... I stopped by for brunch as i found it while roaming. I was excited for the omelette of the day but did not receive it. The staff was friendly, the tea was good. The omelette was just not tasty. Not sure if it was lack of technique of cooking or lack of seasoning but the spinach tasted really bad. Food: 2/5 Service: 4/5 Location; 4/5 - Super cure place. Nice and chill
5058	0	2014-09-22	The coffee is just better hear than all of the options in the area, I now actually walk out of my way to just get my iced lattes here. The food is pretty darn tasty too.
5059	0	2014-09-22	Toast was very good for breakfast when you want something hearty but not to filling. There egg toast (pretty much eggs Benedict) is very good and they have it in many different forms. I had the egg toast with avocado and my wife had the one with salmon. I'm not a huge fish guy but she said it was very good.
5060	0	2014-09-11	Great Location, Love the vibe, food and love the service, highly recommended!!!
5061	0	2014-09-10	Toast is a comfortable and artistic environment with good food and very affordable prices. You can spend under $5 on a home made English muffin and coffee or go for a larger plate for under $15. My chia tea was brewed on site instead of from a mix (hooray!) and exceptionally creamy. My truffled egg sandwich was just the right portion and had fresh salad on the side with strawberries. They have huge windows that flood the space with light. The decor is cosy meets sculptural with mismatched pillows and modern artistic lighting. Our check came delightfully attached to a giant clothespin. It was early when I went, so there was not a crowd, but the staff was friendly, and fast.
5062	0	2014-09-08	I stopped into Toast on my way to work to use my pc †and decided to try †the eggs benedict †as i was hungry and had some time to kill....What a surprise !This was by far the very best EB"'s †I've had in this city so far. They use real baked †ham and have a wonderful salad rather than the usual home fries as the side.. †Ive been back many times since then and have not been disappointed yet. †A+ ps - the †english muffins are home made too boot!
5063	0	2014-08-30	Toast is ok. My goat cheese, tomato and spinach omelet was actually pretty good and the coffee was pretty good too. I had the hummus plate and the hummus was pretty good. But it's kind of expensive and although it's pretty good it's not great. Which is the whole thing. It's fine. There's nothing wrong with it but it's just not exciting in any way. I was kind of pissed that they wouldn't make my kid a plain omelette though when clearly they are capable of doing so. Weird. Nice space.
5064	0	2014-08-19	Really didn't see any vegan items on the menu. Soy milk wasn't even listed as an option on the board. I got a decent soy cappuccino but I have had better. I don't need to go here again.
5065	0	2014-08-05	The Toast of town!
5066	0	2014-08-04	NOISE! Good food, OK coffee, moderate price but much too noisy from a terrible heating/AC system to enjoy a peaceful meal.
5067	0	2014-08-01	Fantastic time at Toast! The omelet of the day had spinach, goat cheese and Capri tomatoes--Yum! Spritzers were fab and the perfect quencher for a warm day. I also had a bowl of fresh fruit and unlike some caf√©s the fruit was FRESH! It hadn't been in the fridge dying an icy death but perfect strawberries, blueberries, blackberries and banana. My kids (3 x 13y + 1(24y) 1 gal pal (13y)) ate everything on their plates and want to return. Above all the service was wonderful!
5068	0	2014-07-30	I would give toast 3.5 stars, but it is not an option, so I'll round up to 4. †The food is pretty good, although very basic. Their menu doesn't have tons of options. The place fills up quickly on weekends, but if you come here during a weekday afternoon you can study or get some work done. †I felt that their french toast tasted kind of plain and they didn't have scrambled eggs on the menu (at a brunch place?!?), but perhaps that has changed since the last time I went there. †I highly recommend their spritzers. They are yummy and refreshing on a hot day.
5069	0	2014-07-23	Solid little tea selection here, plus they carry sip n' glo juices (they are expensive, but good)! †The hours are very convenient, too (Monday to Friday 7-7 and Saturday/Sunday 8-6). †The hummus wrap looked delightful, but sadly, I wasn't hungry enough when I stopped in. †I will definitely be back to try it and will update accordingly!
5070	0	2014-06-29	Toast has the potential to be amazing - the food was excellent as was the coffee, but the service is lacking. Came here with two of my friends for brunch on a Sunday. We were seated immediately and though our host wasn't friendly, he wasn't rude either. I'm a hostess though and he could've done A LOT better. Anyway, my friends ordered lattes and I ordered a double shot of espresso. It took 20 minutes to receive our coffee..For food, sure, 20 minutes is fast, but just to receive our drinks?! Did I miss something? It wasn't even crowded, so I have no idea why it took that long. If it were crowded, I'd understand a little more. When we did get our food and drinks, everything was good, so no complaints there! Friendlier wait-staff and better service would make this place 5-stars. Toast is cute and has great food, but don't be in a rush when you go!
5071	0	2014-05-20	AWFUL! Had half an hour to kill this a.m. so bypassed Capogiro to go here as had read good things about it. What a mistake!! First the girl working at the counter barely acknowledged me. When she did -made no eye contact, made me wait as was on the phone. When she finally waited on me whispered and was impossible to hear over the god awful fan racket coming from the kitchen. I then waited almost 10 mins to get my capp - I was the ONLY one waiting. †When i finally did get it was not very hot. The fan noise from the kitchen was deafening and the whole place reeked of old sandwiches and curry, I think. Couldn't leave fast enough. SO not the relaxing cup of coffee i was hoping for. When I left my clothes smelled of curry or something. It was just awful. Angry at myself for going out of my way for such an unpleasant experience. Only good thing was the croissant (which am sure came from elsewhere).
5072	0	2014-04-18	Finally got to try Toast after passing by many times. It didnt quite live up to my expectations hence the 4 star rating, but it was still nice! Came for brunch around noon and the place was almost full. The ambience is great - it has a clean yet rustic feel between the white floors/metallic light fixtures contrasting to the wooden tables/chairs. We got the hot chocolate and the blue lady black tea. The cups are quite big, hot choc was delicious not overly chocolatey and the was fruity and refreshing. We both got the "egg toasts" - avocado and truffled mushroom. I agree with another yelper that the avocado could have been fresher and the dishes could have used a little flavor (garlic, salt, onions etc) - adding a little hot sauce helped. My boyfriend's poached egg turned out to be a fully cooked egg which was dissapointing because we waited awhile for our order (5-10 minutes to get our drink order in and another 20 for our food). But the salad was surprisingly good - lightly dressed with a good balance of veggies and fruits. Our server was friendly and apologized for the wait a few times. Overall - the service was a bit slow and the food a bit bland (for my personal taste) but the staff were friendly and the ambience was great. Probably will come back for a drink sometime instead!!
5073	0	2014-04-09	I love this place for its coffeeshop feel without being a coffee shop. It's a great place to study with high ceilings and giant windows so it feels spacious without having that much square footage. Their internet is fast and they have a little bar for those of us who like to occasionally stand and study. While the service is a little slow, it's not ridiculous and most of the baristas are very friendly. I haven't had a negative experience here yet. The food is delicious. They have omelettes and toast related things, and soups along with their coffees and teas so I can literally be here all day as long as it's not too busy and never have to leave. I'm a fan of the veggie chili and their occasional wrap, but still have to try more off the menu.
5074	0	2014-03-30	I think this is one of the cutest coffee shops ever. †Visiting for just a night and staying across the street and been here twice already. †I am from NY, so to some of the other comments, nothing is expensive compared. †Would definitely stop by.
5075	0	2014-03-15	I've come here now a couple of times and I love this place. Coffee is good, service is quick and food is good. I got the lox Benedict before and it was delicious. Cute little place to go to on the weekends. We also didn't have much of a wait for coming on a Sunday which is kind of unheard of in Philly. I will definitely come back!
5076	0	2014-03-12	On Sunday, I ordered a soy caramel latte. They were out of caramel, and vanilla, so I settled on a mocha and paid. The employees then just realized they were out of soy milk. It happens, but the way they handled it... They were completely unphased and unapologetic. Just a refund and then a "k cya". I'm convinced customer service is dead in this city and my recent experience at Toast reaffirmed that.
5077	0	2014-02-20	Toast, you're killing me. I've tried many times to like this place since I live so close to it, but its just one disappointment after another. The prices are just oddly absurd. I got a small coffee and a tiny muffin (about 1-2 inches in diameter) and it came out to almost $6! Not to mention the muffin had absolutely no flavor to it and was kind of stale. I hate to feel such regret after making a purchase but it's happened a few times at Toast now. They only get my business out of convenience when the weather is too gross to go somewhere farther.
5078	0	2014-02-19	Excellent breakfast spot, with very good coffee, and of course, wonderful toast!
5079	0	2014-02-16	Toast is a shockingly good breakfast place. †Their sandwich board outside always seems to be advertising tea or desserts, but breakfast or brunch is really where it's at. On the low end, they do restaurant-quality egg sandwiches at food truck prices. The rest of the menu is quite small, but I think it was designed by some sort of restaurant-managing genius, because every item I've tried is basically the best I've ever eaten. Wilted greens egg toast? †The plate is beautifully and deliciously covered with greens and mushrooms, the homemade muffins are crispy and perfect, and the hollandaise is excellent. †Hummus plate? †I didn't expect much, but it was actually amazing -- the highlight is their salted bagel chips, which are somehow both crunchy and chewy. †And I've never had a better yogurt parfait anywhere: the chewy honey granola is perfect, they use plain Pequea Valley yogurt which is already my favorite, and the thing is just loaded with berries.
5080	0	2014-02-10	WTF SURLY BARISTA? †When I stumble in at 7am, I expect you to at least smile. †When I ask if you have green tea, don't be an ass and sigh and say "only like FIVE" and then not give me any advice. †I don't know shit about green tea! Also, your red eye last time stunk. BOOOO HISS.
5081	0	2014-02-02	really awesome neighborhood cafe. staff is very friendly and helpful. my waiter put me in the best corner spot to do work for a few hours. coffee and food are pretty decent and so are their prices. i will be incorporating this spot into my brunch cycle. really love the soundtrack too--belle & sebastian, modest mouse, lots of shins.
5082	0	2014-01-25	Overall, a good cappuccino. †Strong coffee flavor, with a smoky aftertaste. †I normally prefer a more creamy consistency, with a sour tinge at the end, but I didn't much mind the taste of Toast's cappuccino. †Verging on $4 territory, it's a pricey drink. †Although I didn't sample, the fold menu looked intriguing. †Also, went on a cold day and the seating area was the opposite of toasty. †Worth the visit though.
5083	0	2014-01-20	Came here for brunch and it was very good. Friendly staff, food arrived in a timely manner. I love how Toast supports the local art community by featuring work from local artists.
5084	0	2014-01-16	Just moved into the neighborhood and I'm very happy to have this little cafe just a block away. The barista was friendly, the atmosphere quiet and relaxing and very inviting. The kitchen was closed tonight so I'll hold off that fifth star till I try the food, but this is definitely a spot you should visit. My cappuccino is delicious and artfully made.
5085	0	2014-01-16	Wonderful. Just wonderful. I will walk, cycle, and train long distances for a well made cappuccino with a cozy place to sit and work. When they offer some sort of whole grain option for quick breakfast (bagels, oatmeal), all the better. When the staff is polite and sweet and courteous and skilled---I fall in love. Seriously happy about Toast. I'll enjoy coming here weekday mornings to write (it's so quiet during this time!). And it's just a short 2-block walk from the 12th/Locust PATCO speedline station (I live in Collingswood). Expertly crafted soymilk cappuccino and pumpernickel bagel was $5.50, plus $1.00 tip (baristas deserve tips, too!).
5086	0	2014-01-15	Nice vibes, just ok food and not too warm service. Good prices but not much food for it.
5087	0	2014-01-09	I. Love. Toast. My favorite Caf√© to study in...also my favorite green tea and eggs benny toast.
5088	0	2013-12-31	I've been in once. The coffee is fine. The hot line is a nice change from most of the Philly cafes, but I didn't like their basic egg sandwich---it was quite dry. Service was slow, but their was only one barista working. (At 9am on a weekday... ouch! I didn't envy him.)
5089	0	2013-12-12	Great atmosphere and great coffee!
5090	0	2013-12-08	this place upon walking in smelled like a pan of burnt bacon. it was overpowering. no exhaust? the staff was not so welcoming and seemed as though the couch area was their break room. eating, hanging out. there was even a mop bucket stored out in the open where customers could sit next to and eat by, if the couch wasn't taken up by employees that is. the cup of coffee was good. hours later my garments still smell like a 4 day old burnt cast iron skillet. blah.
5091	0	2013-11-25	Great food and drinks. Fresh salads and sandwiches with quality ingredients. Good service and atmosphere. Sometimes there is a wait because it is small.
5092	0	2013-11-23	Great but expensive coffee. Their large is only a 16oz for $3. Not much variety with the to-go food. When you walk in, you don't know whether to seat yourself or have a hostess seat you. This is awkward if you don't want waiter service and are coming in for a quick bite or to catch up on some work. English muffins are amazing along with the homemade jam.
5093	0	2013-11-21	Toast has expanded their †menu offerings since my original review. The daily specials they've added make for more interesting options. I also like that the food is generally healthy, with right sized portions and fair prices to go with them. They've been able to make the most of the small kitchen space, earning themselves another star from me.
5094	0	2013-11-12	This is a really nice place to get hot chocolate if you are near 12th and spruce. It's fast and convenient and affordable. I come here a lot since my brother apartment is close to it, it's the next building to it. So far I've tried their hot chocolate which nine times out of ten I would get instead of coffee, I've seen their food menu but haven't tried anything yet the only i tried was a small macaroon which is very good so airy and very tasty.
5095	0	2013-11-09	Came for breakfast with a few people and service was lacking! Took a while for anyone to acknowledge us. Once seated, we waited so long that I got up and grabbed menus for my table. The waitress/host was nice enough, but too busy. Homemade English muffins are very dry!!! I ordered a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, and bacon. Bacon was good, but the whole sandwich was so dry. My friend received the wrong order and they said they could re-do it, but it would take 15 minutes. We already waited long enough for 4 breakfast sandwiches. Coffee and tea was good. Relaxed ambiance is nice. I would not return unless you have a lot of time to waste and like dry sandwiches.
5096	0	2013-11-04	I'm giving these guys 4 stars, but really it's a 3.5. †Ate brunch with my boyfriend yesterday and was overall super happy with everything, although there were some blips they could work out to be full 5-star material. †First, I was served my delicious hot coffee in a cute mug - with no milk or sugar or even a spoon. †I had to carefully carry the hot mug over to the milk/sugar station across the room (it is a small room, so that's good), and then hunt for a clean spoon since there were none available at the station. †If you're serving sit-down brunch, your patrons should be able to remain sitting while prepping their coffee. The food was also really good, but also not consistently awesome across the board. †My boyfriend had the smoked salmon with poached eggs and hollandaise on their homemade English muffins. †It was amazing 0 the hollandaise was just the right amount of lemony and thin to feel refreshing, not gloopy and fatty. †His English muffin was also tender and delicious. My dish, on the other hand, had a very hard English muffin, on which some slices of a less-than-good avocado were perched atop sprouts and then topped with poached eggs and a side of roasted tomatoes. †The tomatoes were bomb and the eggs and sprouts were fine, but the avocado sucked. †They even had the black strings in them - that's just not a good avocado. This whole dish would have been 10 times more delicious with pesto, so hopefully they read this and add it :) It seems like some of the staff were new and there's definitely potential to improve the little inconsistencies at Toast. †I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.
5097	0	2013-11-02	Toast has a really nice and relaxed ambiance. †I stopped in on the go with a friend and was impressed. They had a nice variety of teas and coffee. †I tried their chai tea latte, and it was delicious. †My friend tried one of their more exciting tea blends, and she loved it. †We also had bagels, which were a little pricey, but great for our on-the-go breakfast. †I'd love to come back for a more sit-down experience because I loved their space with lots of windows, comfortable-looking seats with pillows, and the open space.
5098	0	2013-10-28	I found myself walking by Toast while I was in the area to do a photo shoot. †It was a cold day and a corner coffee joint was just what I needed. †I liked the vibe as soon as I walked in. †It has a good look, it was bustling with people drinking coffee and eating. †The staff was friendly and the menu offered what I was looking for. † While I waited for my coffee to be made, I grabbed a seat on the little sofa. †A great spot to relax, people watch and consume caffeine. †The prices were totally fair, nothing crazy. †My drink was good and served up with that added touch of Barista art. †I'd visit here again if I find myself in the area again.
5099	0	2013-10-25	Not a big breakfast person but this place has changed my mind. Wasn't pleased with their coffee but had the poached eggs and smoked salmon and have decided breakfast is my new favorite meal after dessert. Hollandaise sauce? Perfection. Greens and fruits? Fresh and succulent. I never give my son juice because of added sugar, but at Toast, fresh squeeze ripe orange juice it is. †The only reason this didn't get 5 from me was because the latte tasted watered down and the service was a bit snotty. But barring that, Toast it is for any brunch occasion... I wonder if they do take out...
5100	0	2013-10-20	I absolutely love Toast. †I live by a ton of coffee shops/brunch places and Toast is my favorite. †Very friendly staff, best cup of coffee in the area, and incredible bacon, egg, and cheese croissants. †A little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.
5101	0	2013-10-02	I am sooo pleased to have Toast in my neighborhood. †After this space went from empty to restaurant to coffeeshop/restaurant to coffeeshop, it is time that a solid cafe took root. †The decor is simple and airy, given the large glass windows facing 12th and Spruce Streets. †I love sitting in on the cushioned window seats lounging on the pillows as I pretend to work and really people watch. †The space is ideal for study, brunch with friends or grab-and-go coffee. The coffee itself is quite tasty and they offer multiple varieties. †They have seasonal drinks and now offer juices and smoothies. †Yum! †Have a coffee and a juice and breakfast is complete. †But if you want something more substantial, choose from their croissants, bagels, brownies or salads and sandwiches. †I personally like the hummus wrap which is full of nutrients and fresh flavors. †Good for morning or evening work sessions. Lastly, I have to comment that the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating. †I always have pleasant chats with the baristas, and on my most recent visit noticed the cup holding everyone's loyalty cards (so you don't have to remember to bring it with you)! †Best neighborhood coffee spot!
5102	0	2013-09-28	This place has a different taste on breakfast and brunch, and I'm a fan. You won't find some of the basics: eggs your way, pancakes... you know what I mean. BUT! you will find a fresh perspective with a fresh ambience, fresh service, fresh food, and a fresh view of the street corner from any seat in the house. The quirky highlight - the toast theme. Toast takes eggs benedict to different level. It's not that dish smothered in hollandaise. Instead, there are seven varieties called "egg toasts," all $10.50 or less. Still poached eggs sitting on top of english muffin (they're fresh baked on premise), but the toppings vary. We ordered the "warm apples" egg toast that came with baked apple, sausage, and white cheddar. Delicious, appropriate and "responsible" portion (read: not so big that you'll feel like junk after), and served with a side salad. Perfect size for E-money. I had the egg sandwich. Starts at $2.50 and then you pay extra for things like tomato, avocado, cheese, bacon/sausage, etc. Bacon ($1.75), avocado ($2), and smoked gouda ($1) were my choices with their delicious english muffin (couldn't tell you which cheeses are available - smoked gouda was the first i heard and i stopped our server there). Other "toast" choices include white, wheat, baguette, bagel, croissant. The sandwich didn't disappoint. Cheese wasn't melted, which let the taste of the smoked gouda really come through. Egg is fried. Add some ketchup and Tapatio hot sauce and you can't go wrong. Our side of turkey sausage was a-ok, but nothing to get excited about. Curious as to whether they make the sausage or bring it in. Coffee drinkers can expect a good cup of joe - E-money is super picky about coffee but she gave Toast's warm cup a ringing endorsement. If you prefer tea, like me, then you'll be pleased with the variety. I had ginger mint! Really enjoyed our breakfast at Toast. Showed up a little after 10am †on a Saturday and we didn't have to wait, a tough thing to come by these days with the brunch craze. I bought their dark chocolate, sea salt brownie when I paid for the bill up at the counter - looks awesome. Expect to see me back at Toast in a hurry - you should probably follow suit.
5103	0	2013-09-11	Super convenient considering I live on top of the coffee shop! I love the coffee and free mimosa during the weekends for brunch. You heard me free mimosa!!! It doesn't get better than having a hearty but healthy breakfast with a mimosa. This place is still new so I would assume the brunch menu will continually evolve and become much more expansive over time. Right now you won't get the traditional brunch stuff like eggs and bacon or omelates but they do have a very interesting menu! Did I mention the free mimosa? I also like the vibe when this place goes back to its coffee shop roots, if I was a student I would most definitely hang out at toast and study and consume coffee!
5104	0	2013-07-23	Very cute coffee shop. Quick and nice service. A group of us were about to head out for some afternoon fun. Since Mother Nature is angry and is giving us heat waves, we ordered iced drinks. All were tasty and did the caffeine trick.
5105	0	2013-07-22	Super-cute, very comfy, and everyone there has been nothing but friendly and helpful. † The reason for the missing star is that things are a bit on the expensive side here. I probably wouldn't stop in for a coffee to go... but then if you're planning on camping out to use the wifi or read, it makes more sense to invest in a nice comfortable setting.
5106	0	2013-07-07	Great decor and vibe. Secured wifi. Excellent freshly-queezed OJ. Fantastic eggs Benedict with lox and asparagus. Service could be friendlier. But overall it's still an excellent option for brunch or lunch. Too bad their air ventilation is poor: every time we went (i.e. dozens) after 45 minutes in the caf√©, our eyes would start itching. And after 60 mins we would have to leave, at which point we would both be smelling like we cooked in their kitchen for a couple of hours. So for this only reason, we've stopped going. Too bad.
5107	0	2013-06-20	Excellent coffee and nice sandwiches. Really good for a quick breakfast and relaxing cup of coffee.The bagels are really decent and I'm a New Yorker!
5108	0	2013-06-13	Great idea, great menu, awful food. My sandwich had undercooked eggs...and a hair on it :(
5109	0	2013-06-07	I won't rate the coffee itself since my company roasts some but they brew it right, they really know how to pull a great shot of espresso! The food is exemplary, and the service is always with a smile. Great shop, i always stop in when I am in the neighborhood.
5110	0	2013-06-02	YOLO, I'm kind of glad you only live once, and I hope your successor does not also follow it's namesake, because Toast, I like you, and I don't want you to be toast. PROS For a studying spot this gets 5 stars: it's quiet, (aside from some pleasant background music), there are usually study spots near outlets, an abundance of pillows for comfort, reliable wifi, high ceilings, good people watching when you zone out, and last but not least... there is never anyone here (although this doesn't bode well for the future of the place, I selfishly love the emptiness). They take credit cards and I found their food reasonably priced (although I can't vouch for the quality). They actually have an extensive menu with salads and eggs benedict (around $10) as well as cheaper toast/bagel options. The one barrista is super sweet, the first time I came in when she was working, she was so friendly I had to stop and figure out if I knew her and she was actually a best friend I'd forgotten I had, or just super awesome. It was the latter. She also took pity on us and brought us water after we'd been miserably staring at our screens/books for a few hours. CONS Drinks are a bit overpriced (2.75 for a tea?) and they don't have a huge selection of teas. The AC was spotty last week, but they've resolved the issue I think. Highly recommend as a study spot, or a place for weekday/all day quiet breakfast/brunch/snack/solo dining. So let's raise a toast to Toast, and hope this one sticks.
5111	0	2013-06-01	Stumbled upon this great cafe when looking for brunch one day. Great "egg toasts" - their version of eggs benedict, in a variety of ways. Excellent coffee and espresso beverages, and everyone is really friendly!
5112	0	2013-05-28	Went around noon on a Sunday during Memorial Day weekend, 2013. †Sat outside. Ordered something that amounted to eggs benedict with mushrooms, with a side of turkey sausage, and french pressed coffee. † Service was good - †attentive and friendly. † Coffee came out first. †Under brewed. †Brown in color. †Poached eggs were undercooked, barely. †Eggs were atop what seemed like an english muffin, which was not toasted, and chewy :-P † Turkey sausage, in silver dollar form, tasted funny. †Everything was tepid, except for the iced water. I didn't mention anything to service. †I don't think they asked. It's a nice space, and their coffee options are great. †I hope they get better at execution of food and drink.
5113	0	2013-05-24	Decor is nice, and food and coffee are both decent. It's just not good enough to justify the prices, though.
5114	0	2013-05-07	This place is new, and quaint. The coffee is superb, and well-made. Each cup is make from it's own grind and french press. Don't go here full, the food is equally good.. I got the poached eggs on toast (YUM). This location is near everything, and a short walk to Midtown Village or the Gayborhood for shopping after. Very cool vibe here, quick, friendly service. This place deserves your attention.
5115	0	2013-05-02	I am absolutely enthusiastic about a cute coffee shop finally opening up in this space! The space is decent, its not too loud of overrun like other coffee shops in the area, and the staff is extremely nice and helpful! I am only giving it three stars, however, because it definitely has room for improvement. I understand that they just opened and are still working through their identity, but I think they could do a little more than just meals or coffee. I am a huge tea drinker and am unimpressed with their tea list. A good sweet non-caffeine tea is usually my favorite, and all of theirs fall short. They could use a few fun flavors like ginger, lemon, vanilla rooibos, etc. I also they should expand on their "snack" section too. I am not sure if this is something they want to do, however, if they want to be a weekday coffee shop, offering some little snacks like fruit, granola bars, nuts, perhaps even health smoothies could really go a long way for the student who doesn't want a full meal, but just a little something to hold them over. All that being said, their breakfasts are absolutely amazing and their coffee and espresso selections great. What they do, they do well, they could just benefit from a little growth.
5116	0	2013-04-20	Finally a cafe in this spot that I like. Ever since Oddfellows closed down, I haven't set foot in the place. (For some reason I couldn't bring myself to frequent a restaurant called YOLO) I haven't tried the food yet, as I was just there to have coffee and study, but the ambience was friendly, the iced coffee tasty, and the server's British accent quite charming. See you soon, Toast!
5117	0	2013-04-09	It's not common for me to give out a 5-star review but Toast has earned it. † They earn an easy 3 stars from the food and coffee. †It tastes great, eggs and bacon done perfectly to order. †I feel like the prices are low enough that I don't feel guilty stopping in a few times a week. The fourth star is earned by having an unfussy but cute cafe seating area and free wifi. †They don't mind me hanging out for a few hours on a weekday to get some work done while enjoying coffee and an egg sandwich. †Way better food and ambiance than chain coffee shops - this is a great place for a casual morning business meeting. We've been to visit for Sunday brunch too. †They have a few extra people on and there's never been a wait. The fifth star is due to their wonderful customer service. †The two girls that I see there almost all the time are welcoming and friendly. †After my first few visits, they recognize me and know what I'm going to order. † I will definitely keep coming back to Toast, and I hope it fares better than YOLO and Odd Fellows.
5118	0	2013-04-08	Toast is such a cute place with a very cute name! I'm so happy this coffee shop on my block reopened...and they reopened for the better (formerly known as YOLO formerly known as Odd Fellows)! Everyone who works at Toast is so friendly and I love its bright atmosphere. Their coffee is strong and amazing. I'm a big fan of their Americanos and lattes.
5119	0	2013-04-07	I really like this place a lot! Came for brunch with some friends from out of town. Green Eggs was packed and Valanni wasnt open yet...little did we know what a great time we would have at Toast! The staff was great and efficient. Even when we werent sure that we would be staying to eat, they happily sat us for just drink orders. We ended up deciding to stay and were all happy with our lattes and meals. I got poached eggs with vegetarian chili and avocado---yummmm. I loved the fresh side salad it came with. The only downer would be a $3 substitute charge for a "large" portion of side potatoes for my friend who didnt want a side salad. But other than that, it was a great experience. Nice ambiance and great people watching. Even though it is a smaller place, they didnt try to rush us out of our table. Much appreciated!
5120	0	2013-04-07	Paid $7 for a bagel with lox to go. I got one tiny sliver of lox. And it took 15 minutes. What a complete joke.
5121	0	2013-04-01	The cafe itself is pretty cute. It has a mix of chairs and comfy booth seats with some fancy pillows to dress it up. The staff were also friendly. When we were looking at the menu from outside, the prices for coffee seemed a little high, but my boyfriend and I decided to check it out anyway. We ordered drip coffee and it cost less than we expected, so I think we must have been looking at the price of french pressed coffee or one of the fancy variations....The coffee itself was a bit weak, but maybe it's just because I'm a fan of dark roasts, and this was a light one. I'm definitely willing to give it a second chance and maybe try some food next time because I saw other guests chowing down on some tasty-looking breakfast.
5122	0	2013-03-30	Was quite excited about this new place, but have to say was rather disappointed. †The service was lacklustre, like everything was a bit too much trouble. †And sadly the food, while beautifully presented, didn't live up to its promise. †The place is selling itself on "toast", so really it should be serving perfectly toasted English muffins. †Ours weren't soft enough in the middle and were under toasted. †Coffee was fine but nothing to write home about. Overall, there was nothing offensive about the place. †It was just underwhelming enough to not bother going back, in a city packed with great brunch places.
5123	0	2013-03-27	FInally a place where I can relax and enjoy the atmosphere without it costing a fortune. It is very clean and cozy. Staff is personable. Great place for a lazy day or informal date.
5124	0	2013-03-21	I'm relatively new to PHL, however this place has changed name +/- management about 3-4 times so far. One would imagine that such abysmal business would learn as it attempts to reinvent itself. This new edition, or Toast, is clearly not doing well again, judging from its persistent lack of clientele. The other day I walked in, and hardly anything was done to the decor. It remains bland and unoriginal, despite the prime geo location. A mere Earl Grey cost more than any other CC caf√© by an astonishing dollar! My surprise meant that I discussed the issue with my partner and we both wondered what the management of this place are thinking. Today, I decided to go into this place again, to give it another assessment. Like before, a mere couple of customers and a bored looking barista. The toll, $2.95 for a 16 oz coffee! Extortionate and the worst transaction of my AMEX in a long time. When you consider that a good coffee somewhere else in the Center City is around $1.75 you realise how absurd Toast is. Justification? Coffee beans grown in extraterrestrial soil fertilised by the manure produced by the last unicorn? Won't be returning here.
5125	0	2013-03-14	I love this cafe. It's a fantastic place to study. There's wi-fi and outlets. Decent coffee and tea. I enjoy their chai, which is very creamy and slightly sweet. Great and comfortable environment. I love eggs benedict, so I can't wait to try their food one day. I love love LOVE this place!
5126	0	2013-03-09	I have been here three times for breakfast & love it. †The poached eggs with sausage, cheddar cheese & dijonnaise is great! †Only downside is it gets hot in there when it is sunny & they do not have shades to keep the sun out of your eyes.
5127	0	2013-03-01	This place just opened down the street from me, so I was excited to finally have something in the otherwise vacant storefront as of a month ago. Toast is a nice place to stop in for a speciality coffee, latte, or espresso and they really know what they're doing there. However, when it comes to ordering their food such as breakfast sandwiches or egg toasts, they're pretty slow. So be prepared to wait. However, if you're having a lazy Saturday or Sunday with time to kill, have a seat in one of their pillowed booths and enjoy.
5128	0	2013-02-26	First it was Odd Fellows and the only memorable quality was its name. Then it was YOLO (You Only Live Once) and it was just as bad and tasteless as its name. Now it's simply Toast. This time someone got it just right. That someone is V., who owns Chhaya on East Passyunk †avenue. V brings the same high qualityingredients and superb cooking †to Center City. With a distinctly uncomplicated flare you can choose from sandwiches, salads, pastries and a list of sides. You can mix and match or just stick with a classic "bacon , egg and cheese" and, voila, you're done. There's a fussiness to Center City dining that gets on my nerves. I hate it when a server can't pronounce menu items or when a foreign word or phrase is used when English would suffice. Toast chucks the fussiness for breakfast and lunch fare. This streamlined method is all I want when I am still slightly drunk from the night before and my stomach is on "carb-cheese-MEAT" mode. Great for †morning and midday meals, toast is a win for Center City.
5129	0	2013-02-21	Replacing YOLO Cafe, Toast has an eclectic blend of loose leaf teas & coffee, delicious "egg toasts" (poached eggs on top of homemade english muffins), sandwiches and other homemade goodies. *Try the egg toast with warm apples, white cheddar cheese, sausage and dijonnaise! AMAZING. I'm so impressed by their revamping of this place, the interior is cozy, clean and perfect for brunch with friends or studying on a Thursday afternoon. The baristas are helpful, friendly and warm. I will be coming here on a weekly basis. Cheers to Toast!
5130	0	2013-02-13	Great atmosphere, very clean and awesome coffee! We needed a place like this for our neighborhood! :)
5131	0	2013-02-12	There is good news and bad news. The good news, they do make a good cup of coffee. Now the bad. I was looking for a place to stop by and have a cup of coffee. First, I passed right by the place. It looked like a regular restaurant to me, but it isn't, it's a coffee shop. I was confused by a coffee shop called "toast". †As to they really don't sell anything toasted. It looks like a typo, I think they meant to call it "roast". As that would have made sense. The places looks great, if they were selling Caribbean food. It looks very light and tropical looking †with floor to ceiling windows. The menu was confusing. You need to be a wine expert to understand that the "hint" of a favor is a note. Meaning, not favored coffee. They had drawings of a french press and another one that I couldn't really know what it was. I guess you have to ask? On the counter they had laminated papers moving around all over the place with the real menu. All in all it's a very confusing place.
5132	1	2014-04-17	well if that picture of mimi m."pigging out " above isn't enough to ruin your appetite the food will †. it tastes like R&L †frozen crap , when you change things be aware that a lot of people will notice ...the pizza is ok but used to be better , †. the pizza is about the only thing edible. † †mimi please no more pics while your eating †!
5133	1	2013-07-23	racist rock bar typical bayonne bar
5134	1	2013-04-13	This place is truly terrible ....as a boy growing up I enjoyed there food specially there buffalo wings now the food is just nasty.....maybe they hired a different cook or something but they need to invest in a new cook or something .....food was nowhere near as good as it use to be.
5135	1	2010-03-18	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! I tried taking my teenage daughter there last summer to celebrate her winning a cheerleading competetion. We were immediatly seated & told our server would be right with us.We waited almost 10min. & a (I assume) manager asked if we were ok. I told her we were dying of thirst! She asked us what we would like then walked to a server & told her what to get us. The server than walked towards us & was distracted by her friends at the bar. We waited another 5 min. before I was too frustrated (&hungry) to wait anymore. We got up & started to walk out when that same manager (I assume) rushed over to tell us our drinks would be right out. I told her no thank you & we will never be returning!
5136	1	2014-05-20	pizza is alright but the other food is pretty tough .
5137	1	2013-09-22	Try the thin pizza, best around!
5138	1	2013-08-24	I love their thin pizza and thier grilled chicken salad - not to mention their french onion soup. †A really fun place, fresh food, and great entertainment.
5139	1	2012-12-12	Just moved into area from Florida what a great find. Sports lounge, pool table, free WiFi, great bartender( Stacy ) just a short walk away from home Great!!!
5140	1	2011-05-11	This place is one of my favorite bars in New Jersey to go and have a drink. They always have a good beer selection and the bartenders are cool with you if they have seen you a few times and will take care of you. It's a great place to watch sporting events of any type, and it's got a really nice outdoor tiki lounge to chill out in the summer. The clientele is definitely colorful but that's what makes it fun. And unlike most other chill bars that I've been to, the food is really great, especially the pizza and the wings. Big thumbs up! I've spent many a fun night here.
5141	1	2010-10-04	The bar side is great tvs everywhere, outsides a nice feature, food is amazing Specially after 3 drinks, this is the bar to be at in bayonne. Convenient, a nice pool table for a good time with your friends. Also the servers are on par, and if u go ask for chris. He"s an upcoming comedian. †Also ask for kim she's hotttt. And of course your drink is never empty, what more would u want from a sports bar. I'd give them 10 stars.
5142	1	2010-09-25	Probably the best pizza you will find in town. †If you are going to the Big Apple, you have to try their famous thin crust Pizza, its the best around. †Toni and Vin run a great Sports Bar and the restaurant next to it is equally well run. †The service is always fast and the food is always served hot. †I have been there with my family several times and we always enjoy the big apple.
5143	1	2014-05-11	I have only had takeout here. They make a great thin crisp pizza. It rivals Star Tavern in Orange. Toppings are abundant ,great eggplant
5144	1	2014-04-16	Ordered pick up 2x this week. Both times food was burnt. Called only the second time to complain offered to give me more shitty food told them no thanks I don't even want to eat. Was asked if I wanted my $ back so I said sure. 3 ppl later a nasty woman aid in order to get my $ I needed to bring my good back. I already wasted my time and appetite and I have to go back to them? No thanks save your time and patience.
5145	1	2014-02-21	U have to be drunk to eat the food here They should be ashamed to serve this I came her with my pregnant wife and she stopped eating in fear of the safety of our un born child They give u paper plates to eat off of .....
5146	1	2014-02-15	Delicious Wings! Delicious Thin Pizza! Love this spot to pig out!
5147	1	2013-12-28	This is more of a 2 1/2 star review. The sad thing is, I go here pretty frequently because I can walk here. If you want to drink Yuenglings or Bud light and watch baseball, hockey and football, go here. They have a lot of TVs and a projection screen where you can usually catch the Yankees or Devils. I don't care about football, but I assume you can watch the Giants here. I don't think people actually like the Jets. If you want to go to a bar and hang out and act like a civilized human being, eat something of sustenance, and not hang out with the Old Man Budweiser Crowd and Bayonne Police Department go somewhere else. Lot 13 is cool. Venice is cool. The food is not edible, except for the pizza. But Bayonne is land of pizza and there are other, better options. I don't love this bar. But it is the closest place to my apartment.
5148	1	2013-05-25	I went there to grab something to eat. Mind you, I am not reviewing the bar area since I did not hang out there. I am only reviewing the dinning side. You walk in, and all you see is green everywhere: chairs, rug (that looks quite dirty) and wallpaper. With that being said, the ambience it is pretty horrible. I noticed that everyone walking in could qualify for medicare -- so if you are within that age group, maybe you will like this place. if you are in your 20-30s, just go somewhere else. We sit down and at this point, I am praying the food to be good. We ordered the wings which were ok, nothing special. My husband ordered a pizza which was good (I would actually consider ordering it for delivery). I got an antipasto salad. It was ok. Also the menu is extensive, pretty regular american cuisine menu. Seems like most people go there for the thin crust pizza. The service was not good, the waitress forgot about my salad, she tried to play it off but it was quite obvious. Never got a refill for my drink. Needless to say it was not a good experience overall. Maybe if they put a few dollars into fixing this place it would be worth something. As it currently stands I would stay away from it.
5149	1	2012-12-24	This place used to be one of my favorite sports bars, to some extent it still is. I used to come here all the time, it is a great place to sit and watch sports , got good projectors , giants screens for the big games and good tenders. The bar par is absolutely amazing, although recently it seems like they are doing something different and it just isnt as good. But even with not being as good as it normally is , its still a great bar pie. †Thin crusted and well done for a bit of crispness. Yumm! That quality of your night here is kinda of hit or miss depending on the crowd. †Its seems like over the last few years there have been a lot more of your older sit in a corner and get nearly pass out drunk types. The types that either get alittle to chatty and friendly or try to hit on anything that movies by yelling at it. (Think what a typical shore guido would be 40 years from now) But if you get a good crowd its still a great time when people arent getting to belligerent . It gets pretty crowded for the football games so come early to grab a good spot. It makes for a nice Sunday , but if †its not a Thursday/Friday night or some sports event is going on the crowd gets weird. †Come on a weekend or a Friday night and your all set for a good time any other night is hit or miss. PS huge parking lot around back for easy parking.
5150	1	2012-06-26	Pizza use to be pretty good but the quality has gone to hell. †If you do decide to order from here and have it delivered make sure you do it in advance as it seems to always take them over an hour to get you your food even if it's being delivered only 15 block away. So expect your food to be stone cold....and I mean cold. †Think of eating food that was sitting on the table for 3 hours then eat it. †Very disappointing considering the food (albeit bar food) didn't †always lack this much in quality from there.
5151	1	2011-07-21	This place has the best thin crust pizza, period. People rave about Pete and Elda's at the shore, and there are other places around the state with some decent thin crust pizza, but THIS is the real deal. As I understand it, it's the exact same pizza recipe that was used at EJ's in Bayonne back in the day. I went to EJ's A LOT as a kid growing up in Jersey City, and can confirm that it really is the exact same stuff. Perfectly cooked thin crust, lots of cheese and tasty sauce. It's thin crust pizza done right! Don't come here for fancy decor, prompt and professional service, or any bells and whistles. Go here for PIZZA. This is Bayonne, and this place represents Bayonne pretty accurately, in my eyes. It's the best representation of Bayonne thin crust pizza. Go to the place down the street if you don't want the super thin crust.
5152	1	2011-06-24	worst †pizza I ever had!
5153	1	2011-02-22	It's a good place to watch a game, have a few beers, and apps. There is a decent menu. I'm a fan of the buffalo blasts and the Steak Murphy wrap. During the warmer months, there's a tiki bar.
5154	1	2010-10-15	I love the big apple bar. †It is thier thin crusted pizza that keeps me coming back, its the best! †if u have a big appetite order two pies bc the crust is so thin u can see through it...LOL......i have never eaten a main course thiere but thier appetizers are awesome as well the fried raviolis and the fried mac and cheese bites.....delicious..... basically this place is good for appetizers a couple beers and of course pizza
5155	1	2010-05-04	Zero stars. This place has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Terrible food and the clientele is straight out of The Hills Have Eyes.
5156	1	2007-05-28	I like to support local businesses so when I kept seeing commercials for Big Apple, I thought it would be a good place to go and eat. This place is divided into two areas. The bar, which looks nice and very sporty, and the dining area, where my wife and I sat. This area looks like an old folks home. I have to say, this was the worst "restaurant" food I ever had in my life. It was as if they ran to to local grocery store, bought some frozen food, microwaved it and gave it to me. It was terrible! The salad was chunks of lettuce root and not very appealing. I will NEVER go back to this place and will tell anyone who asks about this place to avoid it like the plague. Is it possible to give a place negative stars?
5157	2	2014-05-27	VEGETARIANS BEWARE!!!!!!!!!! My boyfriend and I are regulars to the State Street location and usually very satisfied. †They are fast, reasonably priced and good. †But tonight we had one of the worst experiences ever. We ordered our usual, which is vegetable chimichangas with everything (meaning rice, black beans, guac and pico de gallo) hot sauce and sour cream and beef chimichangas with everything except no sour cream or hot sauce. Where it went wrong... my boyfriend eats no poultry, beef or pork..I eat almost anything except I HATE sour cream and like spice but not hot sauce. †We got 2 containers, one marked with a "B" and the other unmarked. The one marked with a "B" †was the vegetable and the unmarked was beef with no hot sauce or sour cream. Unfortunately, †for us the unmarked one had beef with hot sauce and sour cream and my boyfriend didn't realize until a few bites in that it had meat. He hasn't put red meat in his body in 25 yrs, so of course this made him sick. Upset, since now neither of us have dinner I called to rectify the problem. †The person who answered spoke very little english, so trying to explain the problem was an issue. I asked if there was anyone who spoke english and he put me on with someone. †This gentleman told me thats how I ordered it and kept responding with "yeah?" ...So, after a very frustrating few minutes and no offer to comp our meal, remake it right or offer us a comp on our next visit, I told him he just lost a once a week customer. WE WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN OR RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!!! They would've recieved a four star reveiw otherwise.
5158	2	2012-08-07	We went to La Carreta for lunch but it was closed. So we went there again for dinner, and fortunately, after a long trudge, we finally sat around a table. The restaurant is located in a residential area, quiet and peaceful, with an obscure deep green signboard. It was not convenient to get there, and there were few customers in (to be more exact, zero before we entered). The environment had nothing special, in comparison with other Mexican restaurants. There were small decorations like a picture of a Mexican man. Not much use of bright colors, and the whole room and the furniture looked a little bit old. There were only four tables in it. I guess they possibly provide more delivery service. The kitchen is the main part of the restaurant, and they didn't seem very used to providing table service. We had to ask for silverware, and they only had paper napkins. There were three or four people working in the restaurant, most of time they were cooking food, except that one of them would run out if the customer had any need. We could see pictures of dishes on the wall, and they were extremely useful to foreigners like me and my roommates. The menu was a piece of paper, convenient and easy to understand. I took one, hoping to learn the complex names of Mexican dishes. Haha... It took about 15 minutes until all our dishes were served. Not fast, in my opinion. We had 5 people and we ordered: Chicken Burritos, Beef Burritos. Chicken Quesadillas, Enchiladas and Vegetarian Tacos. Burritos were in an American style, as one of my friends commented, but they tasted good. I found beans, cheese, cabbage and chicken in the fillings, and I liked them all. Quesadillas was soft, and had a strong taste of cheese. Another friend felt that the cheese was not Mexican - the orange color signaled it was likely cheddar cheese. Enchiladas were too sweet and not spicy enough. Vegetarian Tacos was full of vegetables and looked healthy. The flour tortillas served with the tacos did not taste extremely fresh. Maybe they were purchased and stored rather than made in the restaurant. We also ordered Mexico-made sodas. Different flavors, different colors, the right sweetness, made with real sugar, a nice change from normal soda menus. The price was relatively low, and the portion was big. We spent about $9 per person, including tips. I only managed to finish half of my burritos. In conclusion, though the meal was authentic as we expected, they tasted not bad and at least worth the money we paid. The environment and service were barely satisfactory.
5159	2	2014-04-26	For the price this place is solid. Cart food out of a restaurant. Cash only.
5160	2	2011-10-23	best burritos in connecticut, love the cart by the yale hockey rink
5161	2	2010-09-22	This review is for the La Carreta cart up Prospect Street on Science Hill. I have passed the food carts there for years and have been wary of trying them. For my first one, I chose La Carreta because I was in the mood for a burrito, and the chicken burrito was to die for. He warms up the huge tortilla and piles on the ingredients, from tomatoes, cheese, a coleslaw/cabbage-kind of salad that is delicious, black beans, rice, chicken, sour cream, and such. The burrito was fresh and by far surpasses the quality of Moe's, the local chain Mexican eatery. The huge burrito was only $4.50 and well worth the money.
5162	2	2010-08-02	this place is flippin amaaaaazing. the pork is the best- tender and juicy and abundant! the menu is simple and cheap, always prepared to perfection. so glad they are close, bc my la caretta addiction is strooooonnnnng! nom!
5163	2	2014-11-20	This is a review for the cart by the Med School. I love a good taco. Burrito...quesadilla....etcetera. This cart has, by far, the best tacos I've had in New Haven! For 6 dollars you get rice, beans, and three tacos (with toppings/fillings of your choice), sour cream and smoky chipoltle sauce. I crave these on the regular. Stop by the cart when you're in the area - you won't be disappointed.
5164	2	2014-11-17	Best tacos in New Haven.
5165	2	2014-07-28	Consistently good and fresh and actually pretty amazing considering the price. The veggie quesadillas are awesome--really anything with their sauteed mushrooms. †The †people working there are cool and very patient when you try out your pathetic Spanish when ordering and picking up. Their cart on the corner of Elm and Bway is great for lunch--fast and reliable.
5166	2	2014-07-14	This review is specifically for their cart on Cedar St. outside of YNHH, which has been a standby of mine for the better part of a decade. Great veggie burritos, great chicken soft tacos, and if you ask politely, the lovely woman who prepares the food will make essentially any additions or substitutions you could possibly want. Even if you catch her later in the afternoon the food is still fresh and as good as always.
5167	2	2014-07-11	They have a food truck which serves super mexican food. They've †got seriously great food here. To make it even better their prices are on point!
5168	2	2014-04-10	This is perhaps the worst Mexican food in all of New Haven. The meat is usually chewy and the prices are kinda high. Maybe I shouldn't compare them to the food trucks at Long Wharf but c'mon, 3 tacos for $7 is sort of pricey. That's $2.33 a taco. Sure they provide some rice and beans but it's a tiny portion and it's not very good. Plus, the simplest order usually takes a ridiculously long time to prepare. Taquerias like this place are suppose to be quick and painless. But every time I get take-out it seems like I caught them completely by surprise and they have to scramble 2,000 miles to Mexico to cook my food.
5169	2	2014-01-22	I really don't understand the hype of the food at the State Street location... It's cool that they have cabbage in their burritos, but that's about it. I tried to ask for some chips/guacamole/ chips and they charged me 3$ for a handful of those thick crunchy round chips with a blob of "guacamole" that definitely had a bunch of sour cream filler in it- was not fresh at all. They didn't have any salsa @ all. The food wasn't horrible, but it didn't wow and the ingredients seemed pretty cheap. Maybe I'll try the cart since that seems what folks are raving about, but I don't think I'll need to head back to their State Street location.
5170	2	2013-08-17	cabbage! no wilted, soggy lettuce here, just crunchy cabbage. cheap, huge and delicious. i only get the vegan stuffs but at night i see them cutting hunks of meat down for the next morn. all very fresh and everyone is always super nice.
5171	2	2013-05-01	This place is the best Mexican in New Haven. The veggie tacos are flavorful and kinda healthy. Great rice and beans. And no it's not the place for romantic first date, but I like watching the Mexican soap opera on tv while waiting for my food.
5172	2	2013-04-16	For cheap mexican, there's nothing better. †Enchiladas mole is fantastic. †Great service, poor atmosphere but well worth it! More selection than their carts.
5173	2	2013-03-21	This review is for the food cart on York street near Yale. †For $5, you can get one HUGE burrito. †It does take away any hunger, as for taste, I've had better, to be honest. †Not that the burrito was bad, everything tasted fresh, but the flavor I expect from a Mexican cart was lacking. †The Mexican trucks down along Long Wharf seem to be much more authentic, but my only concern about them is the cleanliness.
5174	2	2013-01-28	Loved the value of this over-stuffed burrito. †It filled me up for an even $6! † The quality was excellentl! †Ordered a basic chicken burrito which was loaded with chicken, black beans (not refreid beans :)) whole grain rice (not white rice :)) cabbage, a little cheese and a bunch of other stuff. †The tortilla was fresh, chewy and warm. My only complaint is that I like a messy Burrito where all the sour cream and guac and pico comes squirting out with each bite and this item didn't have much of a sauce on it. The only thing that fell out of it was rice and beans. † I am sure I could have asked for a side of the saucey stuff. Next time I will ask him to put extra into the burrito itself, but then he may not be able to fold the darn thing!!! Definitely recommend this place! †You won't be disappointed.
5175	2	2012-05-02	BEST. IN. NEW HAVEN. now i've been around the block. seen a few things. eaten a few burritos. lived in arizona for awhile and still la carreta knocks my socks off. dont believe me? try it. its delicious. its cheap. the only thing you got to lose is 6 bucks. cash only joint. barely speak english. exactly how it should be. PS. mexico coca cola. awwwwww yeahhhhhh
5176	2	2012-04-22	Pretty good! Yes, the food here is cheap, but it is also good. My favorite is an order of the chicken tostadas with salsa verde. Another nice thing about this place is that the people who work there are pleasant and friendly. As a space, there is no ambience, so do not think of it as a restaurant where you will want to eat and then hang out with friends for a while. I think it is best for a quick casual meal or take out.
5177	2	2012-02-11	Love this place. Prices are very reasonably and food is delicious. Our favorites are the enchiladas. For $6, including rice, beans, guacamole, and sour cream, you can't do better. Mostly take-out.
5178	2	2011-08-10	I've been using Yelp to scout out places as I just moved to the New Haven †area. †On most places the reviews are spot on...not here. I got the enchiladas with the mole. †They were pretty awful. †The mole was †totally tasteless, which was better than the taste of the tortillas used. †The chicken was acceptably cooked, but the rice and beans just lacked flavor. †The place was totally empty when I got my food, and after eating it I can see why. †The place just lacked soul (and taste) in the food!
5179	2	2011-04-30	Really? †I can't believe that people give them good reviews! †Especially those of you that claim to be form Cali! †I have lived in CA too. †Their burritos aren't nearly as good the ones form the Tijuana taco cart! †I live across the street from La Caretta, so I have gotten take out, including their taco salad. †I can't imagine something unhealthier and less authentic. †The only reviews I understand here are the ones that say the price to amount of food ratio is good. †Their burritos ARE cheaper than Tijuana's. †The only people I know that eat here are the frugal male scientists that need to maximize their caloric intake to price ratio.
5180	2	2011-01-22	I have not been to the restaurant yet, but they set up a cart at the Fair Haven Farmer's Market every Thursday during the summer and early Fall, and I so look forward to getting one of their delicious quesidillas. †The amount of very tasty food you get for five dollars is amazing--and they make it while you watch. I swear I am going to get to the restaurant this week; I miss those quesidillas!
5181	2	2011-01-03	This is by FAR the best Mexican food in the New Haven area. $6 gets you anything on the menu and it is delicious. The portions are HUGE and they are more than happy to make custom dishes if you have allergies or food restrictions. The lunch cart on York st is also amazing and you get the same dishes for $5! The veggie tacos are great and you get 3 with sides of rice and beans, and the burritos are huge.
5182	2	2010-07-17	Let's kindly remember that I'm from California and therefore am an authority on Mexican food. Now that we've got that fact out of the way . . . I'm writing specifically for their food cart by YNHH, which was always my favorite cart. †Love their veggie burritos! †I don't know who was the first person to put this sort of shredded cabbage on a burrito, but yes please! The employees are really sweet, and quick, too!
5183	2	2009-11-14	Cabbage is the best addition to a burrito EVER. Sure, they may have studied the Roomba cart guys, but hey...its still awesome! And to add something that most people don't care about but means a lot to me...I forgot they are cash only and they let me owe them $5! Who does that anymore? Its so nice!
5184	2	2009-10-20	In all honesty i've never had a taco salad to compare... the burritos are doled out in large, †juicy, delicious portions that hold up well from lunch for a late night snack. i live in VA now and I swear I think about their cart food all the time. there's nothing down here like it... it's better than moe's and better than qdoba!
5185	2	2009-04-14	Best burritos in town! †Try, the enchiladas verdes! †This place is not a visit for the ambiance. †It's more like a taco stand. †But it's all about the food. †There is no guy playing guitar in your ear or watery salsa. †It's just plain old good Mexican food. †A rather small menu, but each item packs a punch.
5186	2	2008-10-14	Love going in for take-out on State Street - for $6, you get an amazing amount of food and it's delicious. My personal favorite is the beef quesadilla - comes with rice, beans, mango salsa, guac, etc. The staff are all lovely, and their kids are there to entertain while you're waiting for your food. The other day, I discovered they have set up a cart across the street from the Roomba burrito cart. Stopped by for lunch and got the same thing for $5.00. Now that's a lunch bargain and you get so much more than you do at the Roomba cart. Loved it, was great.
5187	2	2008-09-09	Best size-to-price ratio in a burrito in New Haven, hands-down without sacrificing quality. Bring tinfoil, 'cause you ain't finishing it.
5188	2	2008-08-27	Fast, inexpensive, delicious, and authentic Mexican. †Runs circles around the crappy excuse for Mexican at Fresh Taco on Elm St. that may be fast and inexpensive, but is also un-delicious and inauthentic. †Fresh sauces and very good rices and beans. †Yum.
5189	2	2008-05-17	La Carreta is better known for the carts down at the med school and up on Science Hill, but this mom n' pop business has grown and now they've set up shop on State Street. †Primarily a takeout place, there are a few tables. †My first visit to pick up my food was amusing to me b/c the owners' three sons were frolicking in the "dining area" and I had to keep picking them up from the counters and putting them back on solid ground so they didn't run the risk of cracking their skulls open. †I really like "mole" so I usually get the enchiladas, but I'm sure the other options, burritos, tacos, etc. won't disappoint.
5190	2780	2014-12-14	Great sandwiches...this one puts subway and other chains to shame. Everything is super fresh , my personal favorite is their tuna melt. It delicious and melts in the mouth. One thing that is absolutely worth mentioning is the people who run the place. They are extremely friendly and hospitable, this makes you feel welcome and make sure you revisit. Highly recommend tuna melt, Reuben, chicken cutlet sandwich , jersey burger, veggie sub.
5191	2780	2014-11-11	The menu is huge, and I've never had a bad sub here. Amazing customer service! Cheesesteaks are one of the best in jersey!
5192	2780	2014-10-11	Place was empty so I didn't have high hopes for a good sub. Boy was I wrong!! †My son got 1/2 club sub and I got 1/2 meatball parm. The bread was fresh and the meatballs were like home cooking with delicious marinara sauce. The 1/2 subs were too big for either of us to finish. This place is highly recommended.
5193	2780	2014-08-12	I was hungry and discovered this place near my bank. Very clean and relaxing atmosphere inside and every employee was pleasant. I tried the buffalo chicken sub with jalape√±os and it was awesome. Complete with chips and a drink it was $8. I'll be returning!
5194	2780	2014-08-07	Great product, great service, courteous staff, clean environment. They obviously care a lot about their business. Oh, and the subs are great :)
5195	2780	2014-06-05	Ive known nick for many years, and now that he owns his own sub shop he did not dissapoint! Besides being very easy on my eyes, he took extreme care of making my very picky order and making it perfect. Brought home subs for my brother and his girlfriend and all 3 of us were beyond pleased with our food. Nick is a great guy, smells unbelivable, and will continue to recieve my business. Thanks hoagie nick!
5196	4	2012-10-03	Disappointed in their Thai food. †Ordered their Pad Thai chicken, which is a favorite Thai dish of mine. †It was hands down the worst Pad Thai I've ever had. †The dish was very bland and had more egg in it than chicken.
5197	4	2011-01-28	Worst experience I ever had at a Japanese restaurant!. The waitress was rude and snippy. There were 4 of us- 3 ordered the all-you-can-eat and the 4th ordered another special (same price) that included an appetizer, entree and dessert. When the waitress started to bring over food she told the 4th person, "Do NOT eat" Okay I understand the whole concept of "you can't share" but come on really??? The person was embarrassed and so was I.The food came out at very odd times. For example, the 4th person got a steak 20 minutes before we got any roles. The waitress forgot to put in our role order and we only got 2 roles. When we asked about it she was very rude!!!! The whole experience was horrible. It wasn't a cheap bill either. They offered to take 15% off but I argued to take an all-you-can-eat price off because one person didn't get any sushi at all! I emailed them to say how upset I am (because I am an regular customer) and I didn't get any reply. †DON'T GO!!! Go to Kumo or Sushi X instead.
5198	4	2009-11-13	Friday night "all you can eat" sushi sounds good right? Not. My wife's dinner never showed up. I was practically done with my sushi before they came out and apologized for the delay. We complained...so they offered a lousy 10% discount -- but only on her meal. Needless to say we got up and left. I had a decent piece of salmon sushi but greasy tempura. Tuna and white tuna was just average. We won't be back.
5199	4	2013-05-26	chinese food is good ,but sushi †is un fresh.
5200	4	2014-08-24	Love the food. Service is a little slow, but very friendly. I love the all you can eat but they often times forget to bring things you order, and if some people order off the menu while others have all you can eat it makes it difficult to eat at the same time.
5201	4	2014-07-03	Call in advance for the hot pots. Here is very good for big group/social events or couples. I also order delivery to the New Haven areas on regular basis. The drivers/delivers are usually friendly. I've ordered from Formosa for all kinds of occasions. The only thing I haven't tried is their Sushi... After all, this is more of a Chinese restaurant (which is very good at it) than "fusion" or Sushi. Overall, very positive experience for all kinds of occasions--dine in (couples/big groups: hot pots or regular dishes), take out, or delivery for individuals or big caterings--here.
5202	4	2012-11-17	Good food and service! I've been back a couple times and usually get the buffet. For a descent price, you can sample a variety of rolls, etc. I'm sure I'll be back!....
5203	4	2012-06-10	This is just one step away from being "china-town worthy". †Food is fantastic, and despite other reviews, our service was good too. †Don't expect fast service from the kitchen to the table though--it's just not that kind of place. †Ranks right up there with Lao Szechuan in Milford/Orange. †Very good.
5204	4	2011-11-08	Amazing sushi, awesome steamed dumplings, green tea and really good service. Will recommend and go back again.
5205	4	2011-02-04	Good sushi...real good value. All you eat is 20.00, which is a teriffic price. †Loved the Godzilla Roll...
5206	4	2011-01-16	Bought a Groupon for this place a while back and finally went around Christmas to use it. †What a good choice! †The food was solid, tasty and the service quick. †They have an all you can eat sushi (not Groupon-eligible) but 2 in our party had it and said it was second only to Sushi Palace in Hamden...quite a compliment.
5207	4	2014-09-17	I tried this place yesterday thought it was different staff was friendly, helpful wish English was a little better so that I could better understand answers to my questions. †Food was fresh and menu is pretty good. †Service is quick.
5208	4	2014-01-19	i am admittedly not an asian food expert. †but i just love this place. †the food is so yummy.
5209	4	2013-12-13	Best food around. †I used to go there every couple of weeks. †Never had a bad meal.
5210	4	2013-02-15	Went there last night. Very impressed! I got the $21.95 all you can eat sushi. Comes quick and the hostess and the waitress are really personable! My new sushi restaurant.
5211	4	2012-04-26	My father lives in Taiwan so I grew up eating Taiwanese/Chinese food. †I find the quality and deliciousness of Formosa's food unsurpassed by any other Chinese restaurant in CT. †I often order takeout for easy dinner parties and all of my friends rave about it and make me feel like champion for very little effort.
5212	4	2008-06-10	this restaraunt is AMAZING!!! The service is impecable. The entire staff is very friendly and knowledgable of the cuisine. I have yet to have a dish I did not like. Hands down the best asian restaraunt in New Haven county. They have something for everyone, from sushi to pasta to fish to meat. It is all there.
5166	4	2014-12-30	Authentic? Not even close. But the all-you-can-eat sushi is a great deal and pretty tasty (as much so as you could reasonably expect for all-you-can-eat anything). The servers are friendly and on top of things, so you're never waiting too long for another round of food or beers. I've never left with a feeling other than the warm contentment, mild shame, and imminent food coma that comes from gorging on so much sushi.
5213	4	2014-12-13	Haven't been here since 2011, but this is probably my favorite restaurant ever for providing authentic Sichuan food on (at least at the time) somewhat of a secret menu. My most memorable experience here was taking someone here fairly late at night in the pouring rain, having been on the road for what seemed like an hour or more, and ultimately having everyone agree that the food was totally worthwhile. Before and after that we visited quite often, and sometimes got free stuff like milk tea and ice cream. May have been fried ice cream once. Regardless of whether that was free, it was very, very good. There was this one lovely waitress I really liked. The Dry Saut√©ed Sliced Fish Pot was incredible, robust and piquant and full of exotic spices. Sliced Fish with Soft Bean Curd was also excellent and oddly great when refrigerated. I liked the subtle sweetness of it, though the dish was obviously mostly spicy and savory. I keep ordering both of these things †in NYC and Boston, but it's never been nearly as good. My parents first had the Spicy Szechuan Sliced Tripe and the Sliced Beef Tendons here in 2008, and as with my experience with the fish dishes, they kept trying to replicate the experience elsewhere, but we ultimately realized our luck with these items had peaked here. It's too bad because I can't see myself ever being in the area again. Also had: Beef Wraps, Tea Smoked Duck, Cumin Lamb, Sauteed Zucchini, Chinese Style Kung Pao Chicken. All good, though not peak level.
5214	4	2014-12-11	We've never been to the restaurant, so I can't comment on it. For delivery, these guys are pretty great. †Their delivery time is reasonable. †The food is a touch on the expensive side for chinese food, but the portions are generous so whatever. †The food is pretty good, especially for delivery, although not outstanding. †They don't have fortune cookies, which is a bit of a disappointment for my kids (ok, let's be honest, it's a disappointment for me) although they do send those little fried wonton cracker noodle things. † We've ordered from these guys several times now, and they're our go-to for delivery chinese food.
5215	4	2014-11-22	Awesome restaurant in of all places North Haven CT! We took the All You Can Eat deal and were very impressed. The portions were plenty and the sushi was fresh and well presented. Will definitely go back and wish to try something off the very extensive regular menu.
5216	4	2014-11-04	I like this place just because everything is fresh and this is really clean restaurant! A little funny crew works in there that makes me smile every time. Food is really good and sushi chef Mike makes the best rolls around. I wonder why is this place always so slow. Good work guys, keep it up!
5217	4	2014-09-15	I've only ever gone to Formosa for the all-you-can-eat special. The sushi is the best around and they have great appetizers. It's a bit pricey so I usually make it a special occasion to go but it's more than worth what you get.
5218	4	2014-09-08	I've only had sushi from here, it was okay. Definitely not the best all you can eat in the area, but for being a couple miles away from home it wasn't bad. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if I was really craving sushi and didn't feel like going far, this would do. Their seaweed salad is gross, though.
5219	4	2014-07-23	Amazing General Chicken, best I've ever had. Dumplings really good
5220	4	2014-07-11	Talking about great Taiwanese home-cooked meals!! †I went here with my husband for dinner after work a couple of weeks ago as this was recommended by a family member. The inside of a restaurant was very clean and represented more of a fine dining restaurant than a casual you're-typical-Chinese takeout. †The price did reflect that. We ordered from the family-style menu although that section seemed to be mis-categorized as Szichuan style dishes (I was confused and had to check with the waitress). †Again, the menu items were pricey but the food was delicious! †I thought it was nice of them to translate the menu items into English that sounds more appetizing than your typical Chinese menus and I think (and hoping) this will encourage those who are not familiar with the Taiwanese/Chinese cuisines to try them out. It was our first visit and the food hit the spot! One small complaint was there was only one waitress handling all the tables at the time with the help of the owner/manager (I presume the lady at the reception area was) every now and then so it took a while for things to come through for us, getting the bill etc. I will definitely recommend this place for anyone interesting in trying out authentic Taiwanese cuisine. †I will come back but only for special occasions.
5221	4	2014-04-26	This place (aside from the sushi, etc.) is Taiwanese (Formosa is Taiwan's nickname), not Chinese. Granted, their cuisines are pretty close but you will find some differences. My wife is Taiwanese and was craving food from her home country so we made the trek from Glastonbury to check this place out. Totally worth it! Owners and majority of the waitstaff are legit Taiwanese and I let my wife order in Mandarin so everything was kind of a surprise and recommended by our waitress Jesse. Beef noodle soup, rainbow fish and tofu casserole, spicy shredded bamboo shoots and saut√©ed bean stem. All freaking delicious. HIGHLY recommended. Guaranteed as good and authentic as your going to get in CT.
5222	4	2014-02-17	I went to Formosa tonight with my family after hearing great things about the food and the all you can eat deal. †When we got there, there was one waiter and one hostess. †The waiter was running ragged while the hostess was more like a sloth. †It took at least 10 minutes before our drink order was taken and much longer for our food order. †After about an hour of just sitting there, our food finally came out. †It was decent but nothing extra special. †By this time we were so annoyed and tired of sitting there that we just wanted to leave. †They left the check off list for us to order our second round of all you can eat sushi but we didn't want to wait another hour for then next round. †The waiter was very apologetic and offered us free dessert but we decided against it. †It was a huge disappointment and waist of money because we did not eat enough sushi for what we paid. †The food may have been better if we were not so aggravated by the time we got it, but all in all they were understaffed, slow kitchen, decent food, and I would not be going there again.
5223	4	2014-02-10	This place was not what I expected. They are way over priced for the portions you get. The food is not that bad but not that good either. Would I go here again prob
5224	4	2014-02-02	Formosa is probably the best restaurant for Chinese food in the New Haven area. I have not tried the sushi yet but the Chinese food is authentic. With that said, this place uses quite a bit of msg and their prices are on the higher end. My most recent trip was for hot pot. Its $21 dollars per person (not all you can eat but a decent amount of food). The ingredients are fresher than hot pot at Great Wall in New Haven.
5225	4	2014-01-12	My favorite dish continues to be chili pepper tofu, but I have had takeout and eatin across a good variety of vegetarian dishes, and have never been disappointed. †Consistently good, versus occasionally great!
5226	4	2014-01-04	Formosa is one of the better Sushi places in the area. The food is always quality when I dine in. Over the years service has improved greatly. It used to take forever to get food but over the past couple of years they have been much more efficient. Take out/delivery is fast and is almost always as good as when I'm in the restaurant. The only down side is they tend to be a little more expensive then other sushi places in the area, but bottom line food is delicious and worth the extra few dollars.
5227	4	2013-12-19	Pretty good! All you can eat Sushi was fresh and got large pieces. Nice atmosphere. Will go again!
5228	4	2013-11-25	Got take out last night. Not as good as I thought. Chicken w broccoli was very over cooked and lacking in taste. Probably wouldn't †go back. Chicken fried rice was decent.
5229	4	2013-10-31	Ordered delivery last night and was totally impressed with the quality and taste of the food. Fresh, flavorful and sizeable portions for a fair price and delivered quickly. Thanks yelpers for your reviews, helped me to find this gem. Chicken wonton soup with spinach is a must.
5230	4	2013-09-17	Dan Dan noodles were really good....My husband had a spicy pork dish, but it was lacking spice as other reviewers have noted. The service was good. Will we return? Probably for take out. Those noodles were pretty good.
5231	4	2013-07-10	I don't know what Linda B. †Is talking about. †This place is still really good she must have caught them on an off night. †I go here quite frequently and the food is amazing. †The front desk host is very friendly and helpful and we always enjoy our time here. †I rarely use yelp but was browsing thorough my favorite resturants and was sad to see a negative review for this place so i had to speak up. †The flaming chicken and Bangkok tower are my two favorite dishes and they just brought back the original sushi chef (Mike) †so the sushi is amazing. †They usually have a bar tender on Friday and Saturday nights so that's a great option too. Amazing food and an amazing place. †Still five stars and going strong!!!
5232	4	2013-05-28	I never write any reviews, but felt compelled to after today's experience to warn others of the decline in quality of the restaurant's food. †I've eaten here multiple times over the past 4 years and have always enjoyed their dishes such as the crispy whole fish, seafood nest, soups, and sushi rolls. †My family and I went today to celebrate my husband and mother's birthday and ordered the crispy whole fish, seafood nest, royal duck, Bangkok tower, and various soups (wonton, hot and sour, and miso). †My mom enjoyed her hot and sour soup, but the broth for the wonton and miso were way too salty. †Whereas the seafood nest had no flavor and the seafood (lobster tail, scallops, and shrimp) was overcooked and rubbery. †The royal duck was also overdone and tasted almost like jerky and the meat in the Bangkok tower had a burnt aftertaste. †Fortunately, the crispy fish was okay, but not as good as the one I've eaten there in the past. †The service was a bit spotty as well. †We asked to be served family style which they said of course to, but after bringing out the main dishes, the server took away all of our plates. †And upon being served our sushi roll, the server gave us only one pair of chopsticks and a single dipping dish to share between the 4 of us. †After we asked for more dipping dishes, the server proceeded to bring us only one large plate. †One of the previous reviews mention that the restaurant is under new management and it shows. †It's unfortunate, because this use to be such a good authentic Chinese restaurant.
5233	4	2013-03-15	Get take out for lunch all the time great sushi rolls and even better dinners. †Pricing is good and delivery is prompt.
5234	4	2013-03-12	Nice little place. My girlfriend and I arrived right before closing on a Friday night. Very skeptical from the start but this restaurant did the trick. We each had sushi and it was pretty decent. The service was rather mediocre however the hostess lady was extremely pleasant and even offered my gf a complimentary ice cream just as the restaurant was supposed to be closing. I think there's something to be said about friendly business like that. I'd love to give them 4 stars however the food just wasn't 4 star quality.
5235	4	2012-11-16	Don't try anything "fusion." †It never tastes good and it's over-priced. †I'm told they have excellent Taiwanese dishes. †I don't know what qualifies as an excellent Taiwanese dish, so I won't comment there. The last time I came to Formosa, I had their all-you-can-eat sushi: very disappointing. †Nothing special about their sushi, and I found their menu rather limiting, especially compared to other All-You-Can-Eat sushi places, such as Sushi Palace or Sushi X. †Worse, they made us use the same slip of paper over and over again, telling us to just "cross out" our previous order. †This, of course, resulted in confusion for them and some of our orders never came out... or things we previously ordered but did not want a second time around would come. †Furthermore, it took forever for the dishes to come out. Don't come for the All-You-Can-Eat sushi or fusion dishes, but if my Taiwanese friends are right, come for their Taiwanese dishes.
5236	4	2012-10-05	I've been coming here with my family for years. †I've had some the best service on the weekdays. †Best for lunch-special style take-out and sushi deals.
5237	4	2012-08-12	I have eaten there a few times...usually pretty good. Ate there last week and they were really off their game...haven't been back since.
5238	4	2012-07-14	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday. We wanted something different, and reading reviews from other yelpers convinced us to give it a try. I am so glad we did! Waitstaff, atmosphere, food, service A+ all around. The menu has a tremendous offering filled with authentic szechan items and the regular Chinese fair we in America come to expect. Also a full sushi menu. We started with pot stickers and chicken won tons (from the szechuan appetizer list). I read other reviews that recommended them. The pot stickers were some of the best I've had, and the chicken won tons were awesome. The waitress actually asked me what made me decide to order them as they are only usually ordered by people who know what they are. She was thrilled we were going to try them. Won-ton soup and hot and sour soups were delicious. For entrees we had sesame chicken and the romeo and juliet (combo of general tsos chicken and shrimp). We were in shock when they came to the table. The portion size could feed an army! At first we thought the items were a little on the expensive side being 18-20$ each. That immediately changed after our meal was served. I probably have enough left over for two lunches! Don't let the location fool you. From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall. The neon lights were amusing. Inside it is anything but! Its a very nice atmosphere. I will definitely be going back in the near future to try new items. Next time we will try their sushi!
5239	4	2012-04-29	This pan-Asian fusion restaurant on somewhat desolate Middletown Avenue was unexpectedly good for me. †One look at the neon lights and I was expecting the worst, but a step into the door led to a relatively sophisticated decor and a decidedly Chinese (mostly Szechuan) inspired menu. Of course there is a sushi bar and some pan-Asian favorites on this mammoth menu, but one look at the specials -- and the fish in spicy bean sauce -- made up my mind to cut to the chase. I wasn't disappointed wish my selection. A whole, huge fresh fish was brought out steaming hot. I could not get enough of the heat and the flavor of this dish. The fish was perfectly tender and flaky. I'm glad I trusted my gut and went with the special; it was exactly that. My date had some sushi, a mango roll, which was also delicious. It was a unique take on a classic tuna roll with a healthy portion of tuna and avocado. The twist was thinly sliced mango atop the roll. The salty and sweet combination really sang once the sushi was dipped in soy sauce.
5240	4	2012-04-25	I have eaten here a number of different times. I've dined in and have taken out. The food is consistently delicious. †However, make sure you go here when you have plenty of time because the service isn't that great. Everyone is always very friendly but they tend to forget about you.
5241	4	2012-03-29	Another good asian restaurant in north haven. This is more an asian fusion and sushi restaurant than a chinese restaurant. Ive had the steak formosa, filet mignon covered in an amazing reduced wine sauce and Gorgonzola sauce. The portabella mushroom rolls and seafood wontons are also delicious. Im not a sushi eater but the ones i know say Formosa is one of the best places for sushi
5242	4	2012-03-24	First I want to say that the food was pretty good when we received half of what we ordered. It was the slow and inattentive service that my party received may have been because it was a Saturday and we were ordering the "All you can eat sushi" but I think that so matter what you order you should get at least quick service. Our evening began at 6pm when we were seating promptly and received our menu and drinks. We sent in our order and got our drinks. When our food came, we noticed that only half of it arrived. Our server came around and asked if we wanted anything else and we said we would like the rest of our order and that was the last time we saw our server for at least 30mins. We didn't even get a refill of water until our server came around with our original menu order and asked if there was anything else we needed. Again we circled and spoke to the server stating that we would like the things circled. As we waited for our server, several parties that had been seated after were getting more food, drinks, better service and were leaving while our table was just watched. Our server came back with one thing and then had to be reminded several more times just to get 2 of the 7 things that we ordered. We order fried calamari and when it came to our table it was cold a soggy. When we told our server just took it back and did not bring a new one. This whole ordeal took 2 hours and when we received our check the rate seemed to be inflated so we assumed that tip was included even though we did not think that the service that we were given. My friend left his tip on the table and we left. On our way to the car, a server (not our server) came outside looking for more tips from us. It was unbelievable that our evening was unnecessarily long, that we were leaving hungry and this restaurant wanted more money from us. I have never been someone to snub tip or be rude but I was shocked that they actually sent someone after us for more tip. As I understand it tip is suppose to be based on the quality of service you received and I think that we should have made them wait an extra 2 hours for their tip. My friends are frequent customers at this restaurant and were very excited to take me there and it was highly underwhelming and very disappointing. I would recommended it for takeout but if you are looking for all you can eat sushi †within a timely manner I would opt for a restaurant that cares about all the customers that come through their doors, not just the ones who order alcohol and full dinners.
5243	4	2012-02-15	Hi there. I just want to tell you about the horrible experience I had with my family on valentines day at this restaurant. We had read multiple reviews online as well as word of mouth saying how good your restaurant is. We arrived around 6pm. We were greeted and seated. We sat and waited about 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us at our table. Someone finally came over with menus and walked away. There was no introduction and he did not ask if we wanted anything to drink. About 5 minutes later a different person came over and asked what we would like to drink and if we were ready to order. We said we would like water to drink and we wanted to do the all you can eat sushi. He left the table and came back with the sushi menu and our water. We ordered shumai, teriyaki chicken, edamame and some sushi rolls. The food literally came out in 2 minutes which was quite surprising. The shumai was hard and cold and unedible. The teriyaki chicken was a grilled chicken breast with sauce glopped over the top. The sushi rice was warm which was very unapetizing but since I was about to pay over $50 for this meal I managed to choke it down. As we are eating we have no one coming over to ask how things are or if we want anything else. There were a few random people who came to clear plates away. Fast forward about another 10 minutes and a hostess seats a couple next to our table and asks if we are ready to order. We explain to her that we are a bit confused with the whole situation since we dont seem to have one person who is our waiter and she explains to us we actually have two waiters (Mike and Pho) who are sharing the duties. Ok we say we are ready to order more food. †So she brings over a menu which we open and realize it is the same menu we ordered our first round from. Strange we thought since we might decide to order different items. So we circle new choices which are 4 sushi rolls and some more edamame. This hostess comes back and takes the menu and we explain to her that we want what we have circled. She walks away and Mike comes back over with the same menu and we have to explain again to him that we are confused and that we circled the items we want this time. He leaves us and then we sit and wait this time for about 10 minutes for our food to come. When it comes, it is only the sushi and no edamame. We start to eat the sushi and realize that this sushi rice is warmer than the last sushi rice and we couldnt even eat it. So we leave it on the table. Mike came over at one point while we were waiting for the food and our children wanted ice cream so he brought over two bowls of vanilla ice cream for them. Once we decide we arent eating anything else we sit and wait about another 10 minutes for anyone to come over and we tell Mike we just want the check. The amount was 52.00 which honestly i was about to walk out without paying because my experience was so terrible. I wasnt sure what to do with the check so i went up to the front desk and waited for someone there. The same hostess who brought our second menu came over and took my payment. I am not sure if the staff were overwhelmed on this particular night or if this is how service usually is but i was extremely disappointed. Not only that, the food made myself and my wife sick that night. We dont plan on coming back to this restaurant and will definitely give our opinion if asked. A disappointed customer.
5244	4	2012-01-12	Looking for someplace inexpensive to get a quick lunch, we headed down to Formosa for their lunch menu. Having never been there before, we had high hopes. The interior is decorated to give a nice atmosphere, while the exterior is dated, so don't let that deter you. The lunch menu is priced perfectly (the dinner menu was considerably more expensive) and as always, a good way to judge a place without breaking the bank. Tom had the Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce--although it had a chili pepper designating it as "spicy", neither of us found it to be. The sauce had great flavor and the dish was plentiful, with a tasty fried rice on the side. I had the Chili Pepper Sichuan Style with chicken--not exactly what I expected, as it was chunks of chicken sauteed with roasted jalapenos (I expected a red pepper kind of sauce). However, it was still pretty good and had a bit of heat, but nothing too overwhelming. We both had the wonton soup as well to start and were pleasantly surprised to find the wontons were stuffed with chicken instead of the traditional pork. In all, we left content. Can't say we'd come here all that often but it was a nice place to grab a quick lunch!
5245	4	2011-10-09	Absolutely stunning food and after trying almost everything on their menu I can say it's delicious as well. When walking in you can see their kitchen is pristine and the staff are professional. The menu is expansive and even people who aren't adventurous eaters can find something amazing to order. I go on a somewhat regular basis and often bring new people each time. My only complaint would be that they seem to be short staffed so getting a hold of a waitress can prove to be tricky. Especially if there is a party in the bar.
5246	4	2011-09-15	So much seems to have changed since the good days at Formosa. My last visit was with a party of 3 for the sushi buffet, and boy, did we have a bad experience with the service. We proceeded to sit down and tick off the little checkboxes for our orders, but then we were IGNORED. We made eye contact with a bunch of waiters/waitresses (they seem to share all the tables here), but really no one came to our aid. I understand that it was a busy night, but couldn't they have said a friendly "We'll be with you in a minute?" After what seemed an eternity, they took our order. The food slowly came in, but various things just didn't come. Others came in far greater portions than we had indicated. Afterwards, we indicated to a waitress that our order of the noodles didn't come. She told us that somehow that order was never entered into the system, but she has put it in now. We rounded out our meal with some ice cream, but of course they brought out the wrong flavor of ice cream. Although I'd love to believe that this was simply a bad night to go, my boyfriend went with his cousin some months ago and had the same, if not worse, treatment. It used to be that the waiters and waitresses really appeared as if they wanted to be there. Now it doesn't feel like that anymore. What happened to my favorite restaurant?!
5247	4	2011-08-29	After sitting down, the first thing you'll likely notice is the number of options you have - the menu is very large and, if you're like me and have limited Chinese food experience, you'll likely be unfamiliar with several of the options. Basically, if it's not cooked by General Tso, I won't recognize it. Considering this, it's useful to go with someone more familiar with this sort of cuisine to help you find the best dish. Prices are all over the place. For example, a side of edamame costs $6, which made me die a little on the inside. However, some of their other appetizers and main dishes are much more reasonably priced. I found the food to be good tasting, particularly the cumin beef. The meat was tender, and spicy enough to notice and after a while make you reach for your water glass, but not so hot that it was an exercise in pain-tolerance. I would recommend coming here if you're looking for something a little different from standard Americanized Chinese food. If you just want some pork fried rice and an egg roll, you can probably find a better deal elsewhere.
5248	4	2011-08-29	Every time I've been to Formosa, I've gone with a friend of mine that knows the menu inside and out, so knows exactly what to order. We've always eaten 'Family Style' by just ordering a bunch of dishes and sharing, which I think is the way to go, especially with larger groups. I've really enjoyed everything I've eaten here from the cumin beef to the ma po tofu. Formosa has some great food. Unfortunately, they also have very oily food. So for those of use that have issues with oily food, it's a double edged sword. So that may affect my future visits. I think I'll try the sushi if I go again.
5249	4	2011-08-16	The best Asian and Asian Fusion in Connecticut according to many yelpers... and they're right! From the outside, it looks like a remodeled old dive diner but by far, Formosa has been the best thing for my palate in the New Haven area. The service was good and the waitstaff all speak English. I'd recommend asking for the Chinese menu (it has translations) and skip the Orange Chicken-type American fare. The portions were good for the price (had plenty to take pack up). I haven't tried their "fusion" items, but will definitely be back.
5250	4	2011-07-16	we used to go to this Restaurant often, until after some recent disappointments. The menu has gotten pricey, and the food has gone down hill its typical "take out Chinese food" tripled in price. The last 2 times we visited the service was terrible my daughter had to get up and find the waitress because we were waiting so long. To top it off the reason why i would never be a returning customer is because they would not allow my daughter to order from the kids menu & shes 10 & would Never be able to finish an entire meal! Way to go Formosa, to save a few bucks u just lost an entire family of customers! i must say the lunches are still good for the price~
5251	4	2011-04-10	Formosa is a really good restaurant that you should go to. †Here's why: 1. †They have really good Szechuan Chinese food. †Their cumin beef is really good as is their ma po to fu. †Great tasting and nice and spicy (but you can get it mild if you want it that way). 2. †They have some really good appetizers. †I really like their jjajangmyeon and they also do a fine chasiubao and also excellent fu qi fei pian. †:D 3. †Service is good. 4. †It's not crowded. It's definitely a favorite of mine for getting some authentic, good chinese food. †The place is tucked away on middletown ave so that not a whole ton of people are going there often. †Oh and btw, they serve sushi, too.
5252	4	2011-03-23	I've been hoooked on their spinach & chicken wonton soup for 2 weeks. It's flavorful, identifiable, inexpensive and the broth is wonderful. †Their shumai wasn't shumai. It was more like a type of Thai dumpling. I didn't like it (although I love Thai dumplings). †The mushroom spring roll is fantab. †The hand rolls were a little thin but acceptable. Not great. I have yet dine-in but I look forward to the full experience.
5253	4	2011-03-23	Love their chicken wonton .. So fresh and no MYSTery meat! Lol Also try vietnam roll:)
5254	4	2011-01-28	This "fusion" restaurant has been the answer to my Asian food- loving dreams! †While I can enjoy my customary favorites of Thai and Chinese, I also was able to get my partner to try food on the Asian side. He loves Crazy Bow-Tie pasta, a spicy hot chicken and pasta dish and is now willing to try other dishes. Ahhhh, peace reigns at last. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The food is plated in a beautiful manner often with flowers on the dish. A very relaxing dining room makes this our favorite unwinding spot.
5255	4	2010-09-25	This is above average Chinese food and better than most other places in the New Haven area. Don't be mistaken, though: it's not great by any means. We started off with some pan-fried vegetable dumplings ($6) which were well-made and nicely presented on the plate. Next we shared a "spicy bean curd szechuan style" ($10) from the Chinese menu (ask for this menu specifically). Ask for it without meat; it comes with meat by default, which isn't stated on the menu. It was basically just mapo tofu, and decently made, though it could have been spicier, with the addition of some black pepper and Szechuan peppercorns. Next we had a "broccoli in formosa black bean sauce" ($10) which was exactly as the name suggests: broccoli in a soy-black bean sauce. Again, it was tasty, but nothing mind-blowing. Kudos to Formosa for offering brown rice (though it costs an extra $1 per small bowl). The service was friendly, though not particularly attentive or fast. The decor here is pretty nice, and this isn't a bad place to take a date, though the lights are kept way too bright. Formosa also serves unusual sushi items and a bunch of random Japanese and pasta dishes. It's like they're trying to cater to anyone and everyone. If you're sick of the subpar Chinese offerings in New Haven, Formosa might be worth the drive for you.
5256	4	2010-08-16	We've tried Formosa a few times now, and it just hasn't lived up to our expectations. †Weirdly, every non-sushi dish my SO has ordered has been gorgeous but almost tasteless -- I've tasted them, and can confirm. †I've stuck with basic chicken dishes, and the quality's been erratic -- the broccoli and chicken, for example, was delightful once, and oily and heavy another time. †The sushi was good, but nothing to rave about. † For more adventurous diners, they do have a menu of (what looks to us like) very authentic Chinese items, featuring for example all the inside parts of an animal that Americans seldom see, much less eat.
5257	4	2010-08-08	Not what it was a few years ago. Used to be very cutting edge, fusion style food. †Now, not really much different from most Asian restaurants in the area. I had the sushi - not bad. I don't think you'd have a bad meal here, just no longer something special.
5258	4	2010-07-31	I really enjoyed the beef with red pepper and cumin. It has a strong peppery flavor and very prominent cumin that I thought was uncommon for Asian food. We also had the shrimp with garlic sauce which was also fairly good, but definitely second fiddle to the beef dish. This place is definitely worth searching out if you're taking a road trip through Connecticut and you don't want to settle for the same old rest stop fast food.
5259	4	2009-11-16	I came here with a LARGE group yesterday for a late lunch, (there was 18 of us total). -- place: clean, slightly above avg casual dining Chinese restaurant -- service: †fast, but they charge 20% tip for the large group, in fact, they charged us 23%... -- food: † This place apparently specializes in Taiwanese and Szechuan food. We ordered too many dishes for me to detail everyone here. but this is a few that I remember: -- eggplant fried -- EXCELLENT, most tasty one -- Szechuan spicy tendons -- fish w/ black bean paste sauce -- Zi Ran lamb but a few of their Szechuan dishes are too spicy for my personal taste. and the egg paste soup is not really that great. -- the cold creme brulee is just another imitation dessert, don't order this one. -- pricing, if there not for the expensive $22-23 per person bill, I'd given this place a 4 star rating. But for now, it's too pricey for their food.
5260	4	2009-08-09	Slowwwww service bordering on inattentive. †We sat for 20 min before I had to get up and ask for the kids soup. I never received mine. †Food was more interesting than normal - the shumai while normally simply shrimp were spiced up with additional greens and such. Dirty plates were left lingering on our table for at least 15 min. †We ended up moving them to an adjacent table ourselves. † A shame because the place has the feel of a joint that should have provided a much more enjoyable experience.
5261	4	2009-07-24	Interesting decor on the outside, may turn off some, but definitely look past that and give the place a try. I'm glad I did! Service was excellent, inside the decor was more muted (read: less neon, more traditional, nice romantic feel). As a previous reviewer noted, definitely ask for the translated traditional menu if its not offered to you: lots of great authentic Sezchuan/Chengdu offerings, great if you love spicy foods! Wish they had more Taiwanese offerings, which one would have expected given their name (Taiwan originally called Formosa). Would give the place 5 stars except a tad pricey, but they do use quality ingredients and definitely far superior than most Chinese-American restaurants. Sushi was outstanding too (roll had real crab in it, not artificial crab most places use). Lunch specials are $6-8, include soup or egg roll and rice. Large portion for lunch special (easily entree size at other places, so great value).
5262	4	2009-05-13	Kidney, tripe, three different kinds of intestine dishes as chef's specials. Pros: Pretty unique Chinese/ Taiwanese food in Northhaven, CT. The spicy tripe appetizer, fried rice were very good. Definitely get the fried rice. Most of the chinese food in the area sucks. Cons: The intestine dish ( I think we got the one in the brown sauce) was kind of bland. I didn't care much for the consistency of the intestines. Will update review after I try some more things.
5263	4	2009-05-01	Fantastic! We got the moo shu chicken, and it was the best I've ever had - unique and delicious...didn't even need any extra hoisin sauce! Also got the Peking duck, which I hadn't had in years and it was as delicious as I remember. For appetizers we got the roast pork bun and the scallion pancakes. Both were great. The price was reasonable, too. We got all of this for about $40. Highly recommended!
5264	4	2009-04-09	must ask for the authentic chinese menu... the prices are on the expensive side but the dishes were absolutely yummy...and i have pretty high standards for chinese food (coming from southern CA...)...
5265	4	2009-03-07	Review is based on one visit only and I know I've only tasted a small sample. Dim Sum on Saturday (you order off a menu - no carts). Atmosphere is upscale. Tea is served in a cast iron pot. Impression of first dish was not great as dumplings were lukewarm and dipping sauce was ice cold straight out of refrigerator. The temperature of the dish was off putting but the flavor and the delicateness of the dumpling wrapping were quite good. The next 2 things I had (I only ordered 3) were out of the ballpark. Vegetable bean-curd skin roll was delicious and rice noodle wrapped shrimp was also wonderful. I enjoyed every bite. And Dr. Henry Lee and family were there also! I can't wait to go back to sample more off the menu.
5266	4	2009-01-03	Formosa is definitely the best Asian Fusion restaurant in the state. †And it is hands down the best authentic Chinese restaurant in the state. †The staff is incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. †The sushi chef creates magnificent rolls--you can always tell if a restaurant is good by how neat and tight each of the sushi rolls are. †Formosa's sushi is artful and just a delight to eat. †For those interested in Chinese cuisine in CT, I can honestly say, Thank God for Formosa. †While some of you who are looking for a purely Chinese restaurant might be turned off by the fact that it is marketed as an Asian Fusion, you need only go once, order the Chinese food, and forever be addicted. †There is almost no other restaurant in its class--if you want suggestions for particular dishes, I'd be more than happy to share (too many to discuss on one review).
5267	4	2008-07-15	For the price and the atmosphere and everything it offered, it was definitely right on THE MONEY. The kind of place for an intimate date for two or a large rambunctious gaggle of drunks. Our girl crush date consisted of the following: "The Warrior" Scorpion Bowl for 2 Seaweed salad for the gal who liked it (with crispy japanese pickles for the girl who didn't) Crab cakes with lemon grass sauce and a ridiculous branch of rosemary speared through the center- hot and pipin' fresh, silly delicious A plethora of sushi rolls, including: the enchanting Mexican roll (a Mexican burrito, fajita, enchilada, chimichanga, nacho with all the fixins' ASS-MAZING!!!!!!), the American Dream roll- a perfect combination of subtle ingredients much like the persona of the American spirit with red, white, and blue tobiko; and finally the Spice Girl Roll chosen for its name rather than its ingredients, was equally enchanting and on par with our friends from the south's tortilla Mexican roll. Next the fatties were still hungry and the scorpion bowl wouldn't die! From the secret, special Chinese Taiwanese menu we ordered a delicious dish of chicken with abalone mushrooms which intrigued us and caused us to question the truth and realities of culinary arts for all eternity. If you understood this review- BRAVA! If not please take me to dinner at Formosa and we will make delicious Asian Fusion of Love for Buddha to savor. Very nice.
5268	4	2007-06-04	The BEST restaurant in North Haven hands down. †The dining room is spacious and the wait staff is great. †The food is downright AWESOME. †I have had both sushi and their pan asian meals. †A few favorites are the Szechuan raviolis, Mexican Roll, Green Tea Tuna, Szechuan Veggies, I could go on and on :) If they are offering the banana spring rolls for desert do not pass them up. ***Edit 1/8/08*** Make sure and ask for the †"Chinese menu" which has both authentic Szechuan and Taiwanese food. †That is the only menu we order off of since we found out about it. †The food is the best I have ever had!!! †The water boil beef is great but specify you want it the way it supposed to be HOT :) †There is dim sum on Saturday and Sunday in the afternoon. †It is awesome as well. † Also, †one night we saw Doctor Henry Lee here ! †Cool!!!
5269	4	2007-04-16	There is this †Asian restaurant that is so wonderful. Its right down the street †from †where I live and for the first time I had a California †Roll that contains rice, seaweed wrap crab meat its not raw and avocado. I was scared at first then a friend of mine said if †don't want to try sushi try the California Roll. I did and I am hooked. The service is good and they even have happy hour3-6 pm. †Hey try this place out †I did. want to have a big gathering they have a party room up to 70 people.
5270	5	2014-12-02	Checked out this spot in Newark. Staff was very friendly. They gave us some bread at the table that was delicious. I had the angel hair with vodka and shrimp. Food was great and the portion was huge for lunch time.
5271	6	2012-07-20	I had a sub from here and was AWFUL the lady gave the ends of the meat in the sub like chunks horrible. The place is dirty and needs a remodel AVOID people
5272	6	2013-04-16	got a few subs other day ... †good food † quick delivery
5273	6	2009-12-01	I eat here all the time. The food is good and the staff is helpful. Service is always top notch.
5274	6	2014-11-30	Horrible horrible customer service. I literally just walked out because of the clerks' attitudes. Never seen anything like it. No thank you.
5275	6	2014-09-16	I work near Subworks and often place large sub orders to feed my staff for lunch when we are working on Saturdays. †Yesterday, I placed an order at 11:45 am to be delivered at 1:00 pm. †It was an order for 8 subs, which is smaller than the orders I usually place. †At 12:55, I received a call from Stephanie saying my order wasn't going to be ready for 1:00 pm. †I said "that's ok, how long do you think it will be?". †She put Barbara, the manager, on the phone. †Barbara proceeded to complain to me that they are too busy working on an order that was placed before mine for 40 subs and repeated that my order would not be ready. †I asked her why I wasn't told when I called that they were too busy to fill my request. †I would have called another place. †She responded with, "so do you want to cancel the order?". †Of course I had to cancel it because my staff was going to break for lunch in 5 minutes and I had no food to give them. †Barbara did not once apologize for their mistake and instead made me feel like my order was a huge inconvenience for her. †Well, I won't be ordering from or visiting Subworks ever again. Barbara won't have to worry about my orders being an inconvenience to her ever again! To the owner of Subworks, I'm sorry to inform you that you have a lousy manager who has caused you to lose future business because of her incredibly rude way of speaking to good customers.
5276	6	2014-01-17	Small place. †There is seating, but there's no atmosphere. †Great for take-out sandwiches.
5277	6	2013-12-21	Meatballs with angel hair Al vodka. $11.50. Comes with small salad and bread. Great if you're hungry. Takes about 30 minutes to make. †Call ahead.
5278	6	2013-12-20	Subworks is one of the quietest food franchise around some states or possibly nation. I believe when I say the food was good, I mean it. I had visited and eaten there many, many times. My first order from the restaurant was a Turkey Sub with lettuce, pepper, salt, vinegar and olive oil or regular oil. When I say good, that was freaken explosive freshness in my taste buds. Compared to those corner stores that are also deli but this franchise really does have it. Sometimes when I don't dine with friends, I ask for tomatos and it just tasted 1000x tastier. Speaking about it makes my mouth all watery! They have a great variety of foods from soups, subs, pizza, sandwiches, etc. also the staff here are very friendly and interactive. :)
5279	7	2013-07-21	I used to love this place when it was Xunta-a very authentic Spanish tapas bar, casual, informal bar with tapas and a great atmosphere - so I went for years, bringing many out of town visitors and friends for happy hour and on weekends. Now, sadly, I have to say that Nai is not the same place and not worth spending your money there. The new owner has made a lot of changes, for the worse, imo, and is very strange (looks like some dude from Queens)-he seems to be always there,with a scowl on his face, is neither inviting nor welcoming, and acts dismissive and like he is †doing you a favor even talking to †you-when we even show up early for reservations and have done nothing except wanting to patronize his bar! He runs the place like a formal dining restaurant..it feels like you have to be in exactly on time, spend your pricepoint, and get out-all very anti-tapas bar to me. At my †birthday celebration of 10 people, he actually did ask us to leave after 2 hours because he "needed" the table though we had spent several hundred dollars and were still eating and drinking! I was flabbergasted at how rude that was. †Also I noticed that since the change to Nai, the food is not as good as it used to be (octopus and other dishes not cooked well), with higher prices as well, and the sangria is now also watered down/sweet imo--just not a good value. And the d√©cor now is blah (think tacky flamenco paintings from homedecorators.com)-does not have any of the charm or personality of the old Xunta. Sadly, after giving it a go a couple of times, I am in search once again of an authentic Spanish tapas bar.
5280	7	2012-09-24	Unremarkable - tried about 8 dishes expecting all to blow my socks off given the high reviews but was I mislead by the Yelp rating! Does not hold a candle next to Boqueria.
5281	7	2012-03-06	Pros -Decent value -Friendly and kind service -Accommodates large groups Cons -Tons of loud groups -Not intimate at all
5282	7	2012-08-21	Nothing special.
5283	7	2012-02-09	Came here on a date Saturday night. We had a reservation but since we were 10 minutes late (well, my DATE was ten minutes late...) we had to wait a while for a table. So they put us downstairs at the bar and it was packed. When I say packed, it was more crowded than any other restaurant I've been to in New York. †We were 10 feet away from the bar in the room the size of my apartment (not big) with people eating their meals on all sides of us. I felt bad for them since my ass was right in their face. I don't understand why they try and accommodate so many people at once when there's no room. Anyway, after about half an hour we got a table. This was the table closest to the main entrance, and I would not recommend it. I think my chair got kicked at least 20 times throughout the night. I did enjoy the fact that they had live music and a cigar roller workin all night. I wanted to see if he could roll something else up for me after dinner since he had all the tools and looked damn good at it but felt like that might not be the best decision. The food was good, no complaints but I don't think I'll be back here on a Friday or Saturday night. Best to try on a slower night when it's not so packed.
5284	7	2014-10-27	the place has a nice vibe, the tapas are delicious and reasonably priced. i went there with a friend on a thursday night around 7:30 pm, right before the flamenco show. we had a great time looking at performance, the sangria is one of the best one i've had lately, and the service was friendly.
5285	7	2014-06-18	I came here with two other people for a book club meeting. It was happy hour, so we ordered a $10 half-pitcher of mango sangria, which was DELICIOUS. Also, almost all the food we ordered (tortilla, potatos w/ aioli, tropical salad) was flavorful and well-made. My friends ordered the chorizo with onions, which looked and smelled good, too (I didn't have any because I'm a vegetarian). The only exception was the asparagus tapas, which was actually pretty gross--I had to force myself to eat it because I hate wasting food. There were only two small pieces of asparagus, which were horribly overcooked and mushy (possible from a can), very cold, and drenched in mayonnaise. Our waiter was very friendly and engaging when we arrived, and did a cool long pour of the sangria, though he seemed to forget about us later on. But overall, this was a positive experience and I recommend this place.
5286	7	2014-05-30	We stumbled across this place, and it was a wonderful delight. The food was delicious and the service was great and very friendy. Wonderful choice of wine. Definitely recommend it if you get a chance!
5287	7	2013-09-03	The food dont only tast terrific, but is also put on the place in such a charming way. You eat with your eyes to and theese peope knows it! Staff is nice, serviceminded and easy to get their attention without feeling like you are ignored. Nice! I'll be back ofcourse!
5288	7	2013-06-18	I had my birthday dinner here with a group of 11. I made the original reservation for 8, and had a few extras show up. The staff accommodated my party with a larger table on a busy Friday night. The sangria was amazing, and the food was absolutely delicious. Everyone at the table raved. I'll definitely be back.
5289	7	2012-11-19	The manager here was really nice and was very accommodating when our party of 8 turned into a party of 10! We were there Thursday night, so the flamenco dancers were there and incredible!!!
5290	7	2012-08-10	Excellent spot, not much to add to the other reviews.
5291	7	2012-04-10	Made me happy really happy with that little cute look and fantastic food
5292	7	2012-01-23	Food was Really good, Service was on point (it was a bit early and quiet though) and the price was reasonable.
5293	7	2010-12-31	We have been there twice in three weeks; the first night it was a Tuesday early so there was hardly anyone there. †But we were impressed with the quality of the food and the friendly staff. †We returned two weeks later on the evening with the Flamenco dancing, got a seat right next to the dance floor. †It was a great evening--the food was good, the mango sangria was very good. †An uneven table caused a quite accidental drink spill and the waiter responded graciously with towels...and a free pitcher of sangria! †We stayed for three hours, had four or five tapas, watched a first rate floor show...and got out for less than $100 for two. †We will definitely be back many times.
5294	7	2014-06-25	Perfect Flamenco performance. Good food, but not enough. It's ok just order more, more more... Delicious Sangrias. This place is not good for a first date..., I guess it's obvious. The music is loud and there are too many distractions. Else, it is a perfect place to chill either solo or with a group of people.
5295	7	2014-04-14	I really love this place! The service is excellent and the food and sangria is delicious! I've never had a bad experience coming here. It's small and cozy and it's a great atmosphere all around.
5296	7	2014-03-04	Service: Attentive, personable, accommodating Decor: Cool, enchanting, laid-back Food: Phenomenal, addictive, delicious In a word: Amazing! Anytime I wanted to ask for something, BOOM: there it was before I could finish turning my head! A napkin, more bread, water. Amazing! Both times I've been over the past few months the staff has been exceptional. We tried all different items the two times we've been (expect for the Pollo al Aljillo - WOW!!!) and almost everything was mouthwateringly delicious.
5297	7	2013-11-12	The service here is AMAZING. Very attentive and friendly staff- this is very rare in a fairly priced restaurant. Their garlic shrimp is amazing- must devour all of the sauce!
5298	7	2013-10-23	Nai tapas is my local favorite, I have gone back at least 5 times in the past three months. Try to make it there for happy hour and get a pitcher or half pitcher of their sangria. It may not be strong but it's tasty and goes well with the 3-4 orders of tapas you shoul get there (or more depending on the group size). Tropical and mango are definitely my favorite nai tapas sangria flavors and highly recommend trying both especially if you like fruity flavors. Some menu favorites I always go back for: -Patatas Bravas -Croquetas de pollo -Mejillones Rias Baixas Also stop in for the amazing service :) the staff really makes an attempt to check on you and get to know you. I always love introducing new friends to this place for that and the amazing flamenco shows they have on Thursdays (I think they also have one over the weekend) but I've only seen the one on Thursday and it is truly a magnificent experience. You can't take pictures (it's distracting) which is a good thing because it's something worth experiencing through the naked eye.
5299	7	2012-12-01	Everything on the menu here is great. My favorite are the chipirones in their own ink, the bacalaos, the stuffed olives, the salteado de gambas, and pretty much everything I've tried! The entire staff is extremely friendly and eager to please. I also love that †their food is always served HOT. The best part, though, is that it's a pretty cheap place to eat.
5300	7	2012-09-03	Late last year my wife and I were in the East Village looking for a Galician tapas and found †Nai. It was a Saturday afternoon, in between meal times, and the place had few customers. We sat down at a high stool table, looked at the decently priced wine list (mostly Spanish and Argentine good wines), ordered some tempranillo, and we proceeded to tackle some pimientos de piquillo stuffed with cod (to die for), some grilled sardines (delicious), some exquisite cod croquettes and then, la piece de resistance, octopus Galician style (sauteed in olive oil and with piment√≥n/paprika: just like in Galicia). At †$5 to $6 for a tapa or about $11 for a raci√≥n (double the size of the tapa), food of this caliber is a steal when compared with trendier or faux-upscale similar establishments catering to Catalan or Basque tapas in the West Village. The best way to appreciate Nai is to sit in your high table, have a bottle, let the tapas flow, and see and absorb the young atmosphere. And so we found ourselves returning to Nai several times. Last night, we visited again for the pimientos de piquillo stuffed with cod; croquettes of goat cheese wrapped in jam√≥n serrano (delicious); meatballs in brandy (quite tasty); grilled chorizos (just as it reads, which left us wanting next time for the chorizos in an onion sauce and chorizo in cider), and toppled with a desert of fresh lime-laced strawberries stuffed with custard (exquisite). It is heartening that we still have so many items in the menu to work through..... What brings us back to Nai? †Is it the young and low-key atmosphere which seems so true to form to tapas places in university towns like Santiago de Compostela? †Is it the warm and attentive treatment at the hands of David (the owner) or Ra√∫l, the genial attendant from the Basque country? †Is it the high quality Galician tapas that are thoroughly authentic, like back in Galicia, without contamination or "adjustments" to fit "what the NY market would expect"? I don't know (but who's asking?) †One think for sure: the way David and his co-owner chef constantly and solidly deliver the goodies, I don't think that I will have to worry for a while about high-priced debatable experiments involving chorizos toppled with mango and cilantro, just to appear hip. Nai delivers what is truly needed in NY: a real, authentic tapas place from Galicia, authentic to its roots in food and †ambiance, all for very good value. Keep it up, guys! Well be baaaack!!
5301	7	2012-08-26	I've been to Nai a few times now and it always winds up being the perfect night out. First of all, the service is really top-notch. You're always greeted right away and the staff seems so efficient. The other night we enjoyed two small pitchers of sangria, the champagne and the mango. Both were excellent but the champagne is definitely my favorite. As for food, we shared six tapas. It was the perfect amount for two people. Prices were really reasonable as well. Can't wait to go back already.
5302	7	2012-08-21	been here last may and came back for a friends birthday. food is great, service is outstanding and the dancers are very good. ill keep coming ass long as they keep delivering, thanks nai tapas!
5303	7	2012-08-19	sweet! Large menu, with so many choices! excellent service, extremely attentive and very knowledgeable. the dancing was just OK, too loud. will go back when they don't have the flamengo.
5304	7	2012-07-06	love it! great food and amazing prices. fantastic staff. †flamenco shows. killer happy hour prices & ideal location. what more could you want?
5305	7	2012-06-14	My group From Grapes to Glass did a wine crawl on Saturday afternoon in the East Village and Nai Tapas was our next to last stop. They were able to accommodate our large group and we took over the bar and tables in the window. Nai Tapas hands down is the best place in the city for tapas!! I have tried everything on the menu and it is all delicious!! I suggested that everyone try the sangria because it is insane and is always lip smacking good. They also offer an excellent selection of spanish wines, so everyone in the group had something new and delicious to try. I love the atmosphere and somehow they manage to be a great location for groups and dates. They have live flamenco dancing and the place gets super lively. So much fun. We ate and drank our lions share and all agreed that everyone would be back to Nai Tapas. Thanks to Nai Tapas!! Viva la Grape!!
5306	7	2011-12-12	This is an awesome restaurant for large parties! †Raoul, the sweetly charming and attentive host, made my birthday truly festive and memorable. †The champagne sangria, the asparagus, the croquettes and the octopus were delicious and reasonably priced. †I would come back with my friends anytime I wanted a comfortable atmosphere, good drinks and a bill that does not ruin the evening. †I made a reservation a couple of days in advance for 8 with no problem.
5307	7	2011-11-21	I have been here several times and have never been disappointed. From the great food and service, Nai does not disappoint. I recommend their mango sangria, which I have never had before until I tried it there, along with the octopus and ham croquettes. Their desserts are just as good, with the creme brulee ice cream or the almond tart.
5308	7	2011-07-20	I decided to impress my new mother and father in-law by taking them to a nice dinner. I didn't have to think too much before I knew Nai Tapas would be the PERFECT place. I was DEFINITELY right! From the minute we walked in we were greeted and sat right away. We had a table right in front of the live Flamenco band which was a plus. We ordered a variety of tapas and each one out did the next. The tropical sangria was also very good and the entertainment was amazing! I know I scored some extra points with the in-laws by bringing them to Nai Tapas!
5309	7	2011-07-20	AMAZING! My bridal party took me to Nai Tapas for dinner for my bachelorette party and all of us had the BEST time! The food was DELICIOUS and the sangria was even better!! The flamenco show was the perfect touch and ALL staff was very attentive and polite. I definitely recommend Nai Tapas for a night out in the city if you are looking for fantastic food, great service, and live entertainment!!!!
5310	7	2011-06-15	Amazing place with amazing service. We had the best time enjoying tapas and the show. The tapas were delicious and the sangria was delicious but more like juice rather than an alcoholic drink. The show on saturday night was absolutely one of the best flamenco shows I've ever seen. The performances lasted a few hours, it was amazing to see the women dance full of passion and energy. We all had an amazing time and I can't wait to come back.
5311	7	2011-05-23	Simply the best in NYC!!! Go, eat, drink, enjoy.
5312	7	2011-05-22	An amazing find. I was looking for a restaurant to celebrate my birthday with a group of 12. I also wanted to find a spot that had a flamenco show on Saturdays. As soon as I came in to make reservations, I knew this place would be great. The decor is great; it's an intimate, low-lit place with exposed brick walls. Dinner was amazing. The best part was definitely the flamenco show. It is free, and lasts for hours. The dancers and singers were top notch!!! I felt like I was back in Madrid watching a show. The service was also amazing; with such a big group, our waiter was always available, smiled, and served us very quickly. The food was good, and there is a big variety of sangria. The prices for the tapas were also very reasonable. There is a flamenco show every Thursday & Saturday at 8:30. It is a must!
5313	7	2011-04-05	I was there on Saturday night with three friends and what a great place! †We ate a total of eight tapas, had two pitchers of sangria and we each paid around twenty dollars with tip included. †Great food, great service, low prices and an awesome flamenco show. †We will definitely be back.
5314	7	2011-01-02	WOW - Double WOW. What a place to spend an evening eating and drinking. The Sangria's are 1st class, and the tapas cannot be beat anywhere in Manhattan, or the other boroughs. Great Flamenco on Thursday's and Saturday Great place and very freindly wait staff and bartender. This was my 2nd trip, and there will be many, many more
5315	7	2010-12-24	A couple of friends and I ate there last night and it was terrific. †Absolutely loved the food and the service was exceptional. †What can I say even the prices were right. †We can't wait to go back and see the Flamenco show.
5316	7	2015-01-07	Happy hour deals are hard to beat -- $3 beers, $4 house wine, $5 sangria (different flavors) and $20 pitchers! The food was OK, the gambas ajillo disappointing, but anchovy stuffed olives and croquettes jamon were delicious! Portions are good for trying alot of different tapas. Want to try the empanalillos and clams next time.
5317	7	2015-01-02	The food was absolutely delicious. I was with a group for a birthday and we ordered basically one of everything and each dish came out even better than the one before. The service was pretty good and was overall satisfied. My one issue is that two bottles of champagne were ordered and were never brought out. That wouldn't have been a problem if we weren't charged for them off the bill after the fact. We aired our grievance with the restaurant who were very apologetic and we were promised a mailed check - a month later and we still have not received the money.
5318	7	2015-01-01	Great sangria and atmosphere
5319	7	2014-12-30	I went there on a Thursday night and had a great time enjoying the flamenco show. The tapas are quite good and so is the sangria. Its not the most authentic tapas I have ever had and the flamenco is not extraordinary. However, very good value for the price. Would definitely go back.
5320	7	2014-12-25	No jamon iberico on the menu but they do have Estrella on tap. †The potatoes with tomato sauce is a little on the spicy side, but still a great starter app.
5321	7	2014-12-23	Ate here on Friday with my finance and have mixed feelings on the restaurant. †The service was amazing. †Our waiter was great - very friendly and happy to answer questions. †They have a HH that ends around 7pm with good deals on sangria, wine, and beer. †We tried the red wine sangria which I enjoyed. † The food wasn't great. †We had the following: Garlic shrimp - probably our favorite dish Chicken Croquettes - very cheesy, almost with a velveeta-like texture. †I didn't love these Chorizo (chistorra envuelta) - nothing great, but not terrible Fried goat cheese - It's served on bread with tomato. †I wish the bread was toasted. †The tomato and bread doesn't really add much Seafood crepe - this was just ok Meatballs - second to the garlic shrimp but one of the better dishes we had I can see how this would be good for groups, especially if you are taking advantage of the HH deal. †If you're there with just one other person they sort of squish you in next to other couples/pairs. †I also wish the restaurant was a little darker. †The decorations are just ok but a darker room would have added a little bit of ambiance. Don't think I'd go back.
5322	7	2014-12-20	Great place. Found it from reviews on Yelp. A great find. Food was a amazing. Everything came out fresh and hot. We tried a lot lol. We had the mango sangria very good flavor and fruit was nice. We tried the shrimp in garlic, yummmm. The cod dips, hamon croquetas, oxtail, tuna empanadas and the coconut crepe with seafood. All of these dishes were amazing. The atmosphere was perfect. A little loud but it was filled with people eating, drinking and having a great time. Great for a date, friends, family and maybe strangers. Lol. We talked with the people at the table next to us and had a great conversation about crazy things. Only in New York. They ordered alot of food for just 4 people but everything they had looked sooo good and prices are very reasonable. †They have flaminco dancing Thurs and Sat nites. Servers were very nice and very attentitive. I live in Bklyn and will definitely come back and with friends. Go check it out.
5323	7	2014-12-19	Went here to celebrate a friend's birthday and the tapas were pretty damn good! † †I think we had 2 pitchers of san gria (which are the bomb) †ordered a few †tapas and the price wasn't bad. Tapas we ordered: Pelotillas De Queso De Cabra: Croquetas De Pollo Patatas Bravas Pintxo De Chistorra Con Huevo De Codorniz pulpo a la gallega There was also a steak with mango sauce (not sure if it was a tapas or plate), but we were sharing everything. † I like that we can have the small or large portion as well. Service was really good. † We did come here on a Tuesday evening so it was a low key crowd. † †Would definitely come here again. I usually eat tapas in san francisco at places like lolinda, coqueta and cha cha cha. † I feel this is a more casual venue of these places but the food still is on par - I would even rate it better than cha cha cha.
5324	7	2014-12-16	Friends and I were at Nai on Friday night. This restaurant has the perfect ambiance and amazing food. The four of us shared about 10 plates and it was more than enough food. My favorites were the shrimp in garlic and the fried feta cheese wrapped in ham. We also tried the meatballs, clams in spicy sauce, mussels, croquettes and patatas bravas. I would recommend all of these dishes! Hopefully we will be back to this restaurant next time we are in the city.
5325	7	2014-12-15	My rating for this restaurant is based not solely on the food, but also for the live Flamenco music and dance performance. We came here with a fairly large group on a Saturday night (make reservations ahead of time for large parties, this is a very small place!). For parties larger than 10 people it is a pre-fix menu of $45 a person which includes 2 hours of unlimited drinks and a number of appetizers. For an authentic tapas place, the appetizers we had were sub par. †I feel like they weren't for the serious "foody", but the Sangria was delicious. I cannot comment on their full regular menu, so I will have to come back and order a la carte. The Flamenco show was fantastic! The music is amazing and the dancing is beautiful, raw, authentic Flamenco. Being a dancer, this was a great experience all around. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Flamenco music or even for just a girls night out, date night or bringing your parents somewhere cool.
5326	7	2014-12-14	This place is GREAT!!! My friends and I went for dinner, but ended up having a few apps because we were unable to make a decision. We had skirt steak, grilled shrimp in garlic sauce, octopus in virgin olive oil, fried goat cheese and braised ox tail = AMAZING, food was hot & fresh. As far as drinks we ordered a pitcher of Blueberry Pomegranate Sangria that was absolutely DELICIOUS * =] Service was AWESOME!!! Also, make sure you reserve a table; the place is a bit tight and does get crowded on the weekends so be prepared for a crowd and wait.
5327	7	2014-12-02	We came here for a special occasion and absolutely loved it! I chose here because I wanted make sure everyone get to choose something of their liking and I am so glad I did. Our waiter was so nice to us! He was good with making recommendations based on our preferences and also making sure we were good with the portions we were getting. I had a reservation here and they originally put us in a small table next to the window but we requested to be moved to a more spacious area next to the bar. At some point during dinner, it felt more so like a dive bar because the TV was on. But it was good nonetheless. They gave us a lot of bread and good olive oil to go with it. The bacalao frito was not bad. My favorite was its grilled shrimp in garlic sauce. So good! I was convinced to try caracoles...and I was right to be skeptical. I didn't like it. The beef stew was the best though! Must try! I also tried the sangria and it was HH price. †All in all, I had a blast! By the time we departed around 9pm, there was a line waiting outside. This place is good for couples or small groups. I highly recommend this place!
5328	7	2014-11-29	This is a cute tapas bar! I came here Friday night for a 9:15pm reservation. (Heads up: we just came from the Regal Union Square movie theater and the distance wasn't too far, so if you're thinking of a dinner and a movie for a date -- you're welcome.) However, we arrived a little early - 9pm to be exact - and I guess because it was so busy in there, we had to wait those 15 minutes until our table was ready. My party of 5 didn't mind waiting, but it got a bit annoying because there was no place to wait except for the doorway and the waiters had to constantly say, "Sorry, excuse me," each time they needed to go around us...yeah, it's a pretty small bar. Lesson learned: just be there exactly in time for your reservation. Here's what my table ordered: - Tortilla Espanola (potato omelette pie): sadly, really plain. Just literally an omelette with potato. Supposed to taste like: "Oh my gosh, how have I not mixed eggs and potato into a pie before?" But it tasted like: "Oh, eggs and potato together. All right." - Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak): My table ordered the tapas size (9 pieces). Let's just say after we ate finished it, we ordered the racion size (15 pieces). DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS ONE. The steak is so tender ... I'm just drooling about it now. - Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs): surprisingly delicious. It's like you never even see it coming! - Solomillo a la Naranja (pork tenderloin): also delicious! the sauce really makes it great. - Tabla de Jamon y Queso (charcuterie): as much as I love charcuterie, skip out on this one. There were 6 pieces of rolled up ham and 6 triangles of Machego cheese. This costs $15. It was a really depressing plate... - Seafood Paella: Depends on this one. If you're a sticky rice kind of person, this is the paella for you. If you don't, it's not. And I know, I sound ridiculous for saying this, but if there was meat in here, it would have made a huge difference. But there isn't so it's not the best paella, but for $17 it's pretty cheap. - Patatas Bravas (spicy potato cubes): very spicy, but very good! We also ordered the Mango and White pitchers of Sangria. Each pitcher was about $28 each. I mainly chose this place for the pitchers of sangria (clearly my priorities are in order) and both were great! Overall, I had a fun experience. The waiters were attentive and really nice. Oh! There's free bread with olive oil. And yes, my party was the one that kept asking for refills -- which the waiters gave with a smile on their faces! I am definitely coming here again (how did I miss those GAMBAS?!) since the prices were pretty decent for a tapas place (total bill for 5 people: $190 including tip - about $38 a person). Cailin's Recommendations: - Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak) - Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs)
5329	7	2014-11-24	Went for sangria and tapas for a friend's birthday. Made a reservation for 6:30 PM on Thursday night. One of my friends got there on time while the rest of us were running late. She was able to be seated which was really nice - she didn't have to wait for the whole party to arrive. We ordered the pomegranate blueberry sangria which was tasted fruity and fresh. It was still happy hour so the entire pitcher cost $20. Then we proceeded to order six tapas (small plates) to split between three of us. The waiter was concerned it would not be enough food but we were entirely satisfied with our ordering. Standout dishes were the shrimp in garlic sauce (ahhh that sauce!), potatoes with the garlic aioli, and the fried goat cheese. We loved all the dishes though. Savory, comfort food. Each dish cost between $5-8, so 6 dishes was not overly expensive. Overall, a really great meal. We all left determined to go back another time. Highly recommended!
5330	7	2014-11-22	I went to Nai two months ago with an old friend. It's a cute place tucked underground off of 1st Ave and 11th. Going off the server's recommendation, we did enjoy the Gambas al Ajillo; pretty much anytime you douse something in garlic sauce I'm gonna like it. The rest of the meal was enjoyable - I've had most of the dishes before, but I remember enjoying every one. We also showed up right at the tail end of happy hour - we ended up getting a discounted pitcher of sangria, and it was pretty good (I've never really had a sangria I've loved, but this was close). Prices were reasonable for the neighborhood. I'd recommend this place for folks looking for tapas in the area. Would be good with a very small group or on a date.
5331	7	2014-11-20	Went here for my birthday recently and the food was amazing! We all shared dishes so I tried many- they were tasty and very good. The service was also awesome, really enjoyable experience! When I went it wasn't too crowded, but I can see it getting packed since it's not a huge space. They also have great drink specials.
5332	7	2014-11-13	If you've ever visited Spain this is the place to go! Live Flamenco every Thursday and Saturday night! Amazing tapas and sangria is on point! A bit pricey but worth the money especially with the live performance!
5333	7	2014-11-12	We stumbled across this place, and it was a wonderful delight. The food was delicious and the service was great and very friendy. Wonderful choice of wine. Definitely recommend it if you get a chance!
5334	7	2014-11-02	Had my 25th birthday here last night and it was AMAZING! The food was delicious and the service couldn't have been any better. They were so nice and accommodating and made my birthday so special. If you're in the area you absolutely have to go here! I will definitely be back with a big group of friends. Also, you should Def get the mango sangria and skirt steak! You won't regret it.
5335	7	2014-11-02	I like the flamingo performance on Thursday night. The performance was well-prepared. The dancer even warmed herself up half an hour before the show. The food is good with fair price and size. The service is attentive. Just want to remind ppl the show starts at 8:30 on Thursday. If u want to see the show, better to mention it when you make reservation.
5336	7	2014-10-26	Live Flamingo dancer!! Best part of the night. The service was quick and the food was decent.
5337	7	2014-10-25	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Great vibe, great food, love that the plates are so small, but so extremely delicious! The blueberry sangria is my favorite! Amazing staff! Moved back to California, I miss this place so much! Highly recommend!
5338	7	2014-10-20	It's going to be really hard to write this review, the rating is not because of the food or drinks, those were really good. But I do appreciate when a good manager keeps the staff in checked. When we got there we were told that the pitcher of sangria was $10 in happy hour. We order 2 pitchers before 7pm, among several plates. When it was time to pay the bill, our surprise was seeing the pitchers at full price. And when I asked about it the waiter tells me that the one at that price is the half pitcher. At this point all I wanted to do is talk to the manager, and the waiter in a very rude manner approached us, and claiming that it was a misunderstanding and miscommunication grabbed the bill (which was handwritten) and tore it right there in front of us. As I see things, if it was a mistake (totally posible) I would have fix the pitcher value as a way to say sorry and let the customer pay the bill. At this point with no bill I couldn't pay it, couldn't talk to the manager and no tip for the waiter of course after that behavior. It seems very dubious to me and my friends that this guys destroyed the bill without trying to come up with another solution and talk about it. I consider myself a very understanding costumer but I don't answer good to rudeness and when I feel some type of dishonesty is happening I can't let it go. Hopefully this was a one person thing and I had bad luck.
5339	7	2014-10-10	Their Flamenco dancers on thursday nights had me out way past my bed time. Not to mention the $20 happy hour (until 7) pitchers of sangria - we ordered 3 flavors with the pomegranate blueberry champagne and red being my favorites! Food: delicious gambas, patatas bravas, paella, mussels, sausage and onions, and can't forget the manchengo cheese.
5340	7	2014-10-09	The East Village makes me angry but Nai Tapas makes me happy. It also makes travelling below 14th street totally worth it. Their appetizers are perfect. Not many things in the world are perfect, but I feel good knowing that Nai Tapas has perfect tapas. Every time I have gone there, I've had an awesome experience. Some of my favorites include the shrimp in garlic sauce and their clams and mussels. I can eat that all day. The only difficulty in eating here is that you're supposed to share tapas (so I've been told), but if you're anything like me -you'll want to hog everything. Go there, enjoy the sangria and the tapas and the vibe of all the people around you. This place is always awesome
5341	7	2014-10-08	Great place to have tapas, great sangr√≠a (not to sweet, thank you!). The food comes out quickly and the staff is very, very nice. Thank you for the lovely evening. On saturdays and sundays you have to make a reservation, the place is full because of the Flamenco performance.
5342	7	2014-10-07	We strolled in here when another restaurant had over a 50 min wait. This had none especially by the bar. Actually glad I came when there was no flamenco show mostly because I needed some quiet after an insane day at a work conference. We had a pitcher of sangria, which was alright. We shared some tapas, which were all alright. The best was the octopus tapa. Some of the others were unmemorable. The tapas version of the paella was meh. I wasn't a fan and it definitely tasted like the steel pan. All I could taste was metal. Wouldn't recommend it. The waiter was nice though. So, it's alright. Not sure I'd rush back here.
5343	7	2014-10-05	Came here for a birthday dinner and we tried an assortment of tapas till we were busting at the seams: shrimp with garlic, calamari in its own ink, fried cod fish, mussels, sardines on toast, paella, cheese plate, chorizo, clams, ... the list can go on! Good food, friendly service, prices OK, not cheap, though. Unfortunately, we missed out on the flamenco show but there's always next time!
5344	7	2014-10-04	This is the first of what I can only imagine would be many trips here. Pitchers are $20 and glasses are $4. We had just eaten so we were not interested in food (plus I'm more interested in liquid calories come happy hour time). As a group of 4, we decided to come here one night for happy hour which runs until 7pm. We easily sat at the bar and began chatting up the bartender, Dave. He was very friendly and instantly was joking with us. We only had a little over an hour left of happy hour so we had to choose wisely on what pitchers to get. We started with blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria. It was delicious and it quickly disappeared. Round two: We got just a simple red sangria. Delicious and also quickly vanished. I finally found a magic act I enjoyed! But wait there is more. Around 640, we received a THIRD pitcher of mango sangria. I love mango so this was right up my alley. By this time, I opted to break the seal thinking happy hour was over. Boy was I wrong. By the time I returned, Dave granted us one last pitcher of tropical sangria. Again very good but this was a little too sweet from what I think i remember. Now let's do the math, albeit improperly. 4+4=1. 4 people, 4 pitchers, all in just over one hour. Not too shabby. They were decently strong, but we are all pros at sangria-ing. By the time we left there was a line of people waiting for dinner. I'm not sure if I would have a sit down dinner but I would definitely return for a pitcher or two at the bar and maybe a few plates of tapas for good measure.
5345	7	2014-10-02	Their dark wood tables and chairs give a very cozy feel. † Hard to resist the $20 for a pitcher of sangria during their happy hours. †And the sangria wasn't bad at all, and we liked that they didn't fill the pitcher with too much ice. † Food was pretty good and the tapas portions were enough to be shared 2-4 ppl. †Very friendly staff.
5346	7	2014-09-29	Such a fun place for dinner, especially Saturdays or Thursdays when they have flamenco dancers perform. The food comes out pretty quickly, the sangria is sweet, and the staff is super helpful and eager. Croquettes. Shrimp with garlic. Bread with tomato and manchego and jamon. All winners.
5347	7	2014-09-26	I had my birthday party here on a Saturday night. The manager that I arranged the party with was so helpful and very flexible. We had about 20 people- all you can eat small plates and unlimited sangria and it was one of the best deals in the city and such a great time. The flamenco show was just the icing on the cake. I have planned and been to many birthdays all over the city and this was one of the best experiences I have had- so easy and no stress involved! I would highly recommend this restaurant
5348	7	2014-09-26	Delicous food and friendly bartender. Came here on a whim on a Friday night and had a great time.
5349	7	2014-09-26	One of my favorite spots in nyc. The sangria is amazing and love the shrimp and meatballs!!
5350	7	2014-09-24	really good. must go
5351	7	2014-09-23	It was great! I met my friend here for a catch up session. Low lighting so great for a date, but it was a little loud and hard to hear my friend. I love the spanish feel of the decor. The staff was friendly and very accommodating. The food came out quick and all of it was delicious. I would recommend the mussels, egg omelette and the skirt steak.
5352	7	2014-09-21	Obsessed with this tapas place! Good food, live flamenco, fun times. Such a good place for a Friday night dinner with friends.
5353	7	2014-09-20	This is a very nice place with a Flamenco dance show. I don't know the show is every day though. The food was OK, but not super nor memorable. We had a Paella and Octopus and it was pretty authentic! The drinks were pretty good as well. We had the sangria and although it was delicious we didn't order a second one because It was late already. The environment is really enjoyable. I may give it another try, especially if I'm in a "flamenco" mood.
5354	7	2014-09-19	I'm giving 3 stars just because the tablao flamenco was GREAT; it shows they really enjoy what they do and that they are passionate dancers. No need for reservation thou, the place was half-empty. The food was OK; not exceptional. The sangria was good although a bit on the sweet side. Pulpo was overcooked.
5355	7	2014-09-18	This was our second time to nai tapas. The last time we went there was a couple of years back. Both times for someone's bday and our experience has been awesome so far. The staff is great. Very welcoming and attentive. Our server both times was uno and he is very friendly and even offered to get us drinks on him because we were waiting for our table even after making reservations. Luckily we only waited for a few mins before we got our table. We went on a Thursday both times and they have live flamenco performance on Thursdays and sat nights which was just as good as what we remember last time. The food is fairly good. We ordered a bunch of small plates ranging from snail to chicken to shrimp to potatoes to goat cheese, all of which were pretty decent for our taste. We would go back not just because of the food but all of the other factors mentioned above!
5356	7	2014-09-15	One of the best & most delicious tapas house in the city. The service is super and everything on the menu is decently priced. I highly recommend the mussels and skirt steak paired with mango sangria. If you come with a group. you'll be able to try a variety of tapas!
5357	7	2014-09-12	This is my go to tapas place in the city. †The staff is super friendly, checks up on you, and makes thoughtful recommendations on the menu and drinks. †The food is great as well. †The tapas don't come out all at once, so you can take your time to savor each one. †For two people 5 tapas is enough food. †I recommend the empanada, ox tail, and fried goat cheese... yummy. † If you can, try to get a reservation, this place does fill up during dinner hours.
5358	7	2014-09-07	Delicious sangria. Happy hour runs until 7pm, which includes $20 pitchers of Sangria and $4 glasses. The place itself looks quite romantic yet casual. They offer a nice variation of tapas which average $7 for half serving or $14 full serving (average more or less).
5359	7	2014-09-05	Typical east village vibe. Hanged out with friend over several tapas and glass of sangria. Variety of choices on the menu from †seafood to meat (and you might want to have every one of them!) My favorite is the braised ox tail with tropical sangria!
5360	7	2014-09-03	Went here last Sunday night for tapas with some friends from out of town. It's a cute place. What we ordered: Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak), Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs w/ brandy sauce), assortment of cured meats & cheeses, grilled shrimp w/ garlic, and Patatas Alioli (potatoes in creamy garlic alioli). We enjoyed everything, but the potatoes in creamy garlic sauce & meatballs w/ brandy were my personal favorite. I could have eaten another whole order of the potatoes! To drink we had a pitcher of Blueberry pomegranate champagne Sangria and a pitcher of the Mango Sangria. The Blueberry pomegranate was AMAZING. Seriously hit the spot. Next time I come I would like to try some of the other small plates like the octopus, mussels, or croquettes, but overall the food & service was great.
5361	7	2014-08-25	Now this place is all sorts of cute fun. We came here on a Saturday night for dinner and the last minute 10:30 Flamenco show. I have never even heard of the place or noticed it in the past even tho I've been to the bakery next door pretty often and in general, searching for eats within the area quite often as well. I wasn't sure what to expect, but my experience here is nothing but positive. Our server, Uno, was a hoot and made the experience that much more pleasurable. We ended up with 7 tapas plates between the two of us and it was more than filling. Bacalao, skirt steak, ham with fried goat cheese, mussels (a little on the puny side), and I can't remember as always what the rest was........ but for sure a place to check out
5362	7	2014-08-20	Went here with a friend for dinner. We ordered five things: 1) Octopus: so-so. They boil the octopus so it has a snot-like texture on the outside. Taste is alright but not the best preparation. 2) Chicken Croquettes: Good dish. Would order again. Would benefit from a sauce (they just give the croquettes by themselves). 3) Coconut Crepe: good dish but not accurately described on the menu. It's more of a seafood filled dumpling. Quite good. But not a crepe. 4) Mussels in wine sauce: quite good. Nice sauce and preparation. Good amount of mussels as well. 5) Salad. Besides white asparagus, the only vegetarian dish on the menu. I'm an avid meat eater. But seriously? Two vegetarian dishes on a menu of more than 30 items? Seems like laziness. Also getting the bill took ages. Overall okay meal. Wouldn't go back, but the meal was not bad.
5363	7	2014-08-18	Great tapas, flamenco guitar n dancing show was fantastic. It's on the repeat list.
5364	7	2014-08-17	Really disappointing food. We went here for tapas and flamenco on a Thursday and though the dancing was cool, I wouldn't waste your time here. A ton of fried and heavy food, even when it wasn't obvious on the menu. The seafood paella was disgusting with no flavor and what looked like instant Spanish rice (no joke). Chicken croquettes looked and tasted like something you'd buy from the freezer aisle of a grocery store. Everything tasted processed. The worst part? Even the sangria was gross. Their red sangria was all sugar and no alcohol. We went here since the Yelp reviews seemed promising and were sorely disappointed.
5365	7	2014-08-12	Brought my parents here and had a great experience. The food was amazing, the staff was very nice, and the flamenco dancers added that extra spice. I highly recommend the Tabla De Quesos Y Embutidos even though it is a little pricey for such small portions but the flavor is spot on. The empanadas were also amazing (so far, haven't had any bad empanadas in NYC). If you're drinking, try the sangrias (we got mango and it was to die for). This is a great little place in EV so I'd say groups of 4 or less are ideal. And make sure to make a reservation since they can get pretty packed.
5366	7	2014-08-09	I went out with my wife and a family friend tonight. It was awesome, from the food to the setting. The bartender was great, and we had a great time.
5367	7	2014-08-09	A disappointment. †Tapas were not all that authentic. †The gambas ajillo were unrecognizable from the ones I had in Spain. †The squid in ink was mediocre at best. †Sangria was respectable, but otherwise not recommended if you are looking for an authentic Spanish tapas experience.
5368	7	2014-08-07	I am from Barcelona and this is my place to hang out when I feel homesick. The pulpo a la gallega and all the omelettes are awesome. It might be a little over price but on average in the city... I can't compare NY prices to Spanish ones, I guess. Service is the best. David, the manager, is very kind and nice as well as the bartenders. Stop by and enjoy the tapas and Estrella Damm beer!!!
5369	7	2014-07-29	I have been to Nai a couple of times. †This time it was not so good. †In the past it was out friggin standing. I am not sure what happened. †The tapas did not have the same depth of flavor and spice they had in the past. I would not recommend this place to any of my friends unless I go back and get the tapas I had last year.
5370	7	2014-07-25	Tried a range of tapas... Pan Tumaca, Churrasco Arriero, Croquetas De Jamon, Empanadillas De Carne, Pimientos De Piquillo Rellenos.... they were ok, but nothing that I'm craving to have again. Red wine sangria was ok, not awesome.
5371	7	2014-07-17	Red sangria gets a solid rating for not being sweet and having great happy hour pricing ($5 for a large glass and pitcher special too). Servers were very friendly. Place was packed on a Monday night - good sign. Food was disappointing. Chorizo was overcooked and the chicken and ham croquetas were average. Patatas bravas were soggy instead of crispy/crunchy and the sauce was so spicy it over powered any other flavors. Go here to relax with some friends over sangria and get good service but not a real food destination.
5372	7	2014-07-17	This place is sort of like it's hood: sloppy, sweet, cramped, a little sweaty, messy and fun. If you like sloppy, sweet, cramped, sweaty, messy and fun. It's also pretty cheap. I would wonder how they do it, but the quality is just not amazing , so I don't wonder, I just appreciate they don't overcharge for mediocre tapas. I've tried everything on the menu. I would like to say that something stands out, but that would be untrue. The chicken is good, chorizo ok, asparagus ok, patatas bravas, meh, tortilla espanola, ok. Sangria - white is better than read. We had a mango sangria that was pretty refreshing but overall the alcohol's sole purpose was to make the food taste better and ambiance less hectic. If you consider tortilla flats, great Mexican, then you will like Nai for Spanish food. It's meh, but sometimes a good imitation is sufficient.
5373	7	2014-07-15	Great tapas, very reasonably priced. The garlic shrimp & chorizo w onions was among the best I've ever had. Seafood paella was great too but a bit on the fishy side. The skirt steak could be sliced a bit thinner. Overall very pleased with the food and service. Red sangria tops off a great experience.
5374	7	2014-07-13	Amazing. †Sangrias, beer, tapas, service, atmosphere. †I even tried and enjoyed the sardines!
5375	7	2014-07-05	We stumbled across this place, and it was a wonderful delight. The food was delicious and the service was great and very friendy. Wonderful choice of wine. Definitely recommend it if you get a chance!
5376	7	2014-07-04	NAtive to the Iberian peninsula I appreciate great spanish cusine. This place takes me from nyc and leaves me feeling like I am in Sevilla for the night enjoying wonderful tapas and beautiful authentic flamenco show. The food, especially the octopus was delicious and cooked to the perfect consistency. Also the chorizo and oxtail were amazing. I have been here about 4 times and will continue being my go to spot for great Tapas.
5377	7	2014-06-27	We had the patatas bravas, escargot, chorizo saut√©ed in onlions and mussels in a spicy broth. Overall excellent food, great place for tapas. Cozy ambience. We had the red wine sangria and the pomegranate sangria. The drinks were great!
5378	7	2014-06-25	Nai Tapas Bar was an incredibly fun experience with authentic and delicious food. The sangria is amazing, and so was our waiter! I came here with 7 friends for a birthday dinner and would recommend it to anyone. Plus, Mon-Wed right now there is a $20 pitcher of sangria deal! Amazing place.
5379	7	2014-06-15	This was the first restaurant my friend brought me to after landing in NY. There was only a bit of a wait when we †the food was delicious. Mostly all the tapas we got were delicious, with one or two tapas tasting okay. One thing you have to get: The Blueberry Pomegranate Champagne Sangria!! It's light and refreshing, and super delicious! I want to say it was worth it, but it was a little on the pricey end for tapas. However, I'm from California, where food is definitely cheaper, so the price may be "normal" for New York standards.
5380	7	2014-06-13	The tapas here were terrible. †The seafood croquettes were recommended by our waiter came out horrible and mushy and chewy. The octopus was boiled and tasted kinda rubbery. †The empanadas had a delicious meat filling but so much dough distracted from the whole dish. †I did like the fried goat cheese balls with ham over bread. Save your calories for a real tapas place. †The waiter was nice since I feel like he knew i wasn't too happy with the food.
5381	7	2014-06-13	sangria variety was great, and food was good.. except for the octopus :) †I can't say it was memorable though...
5382	7	2014-06-13	First time trying tapas and definitely won't be my last, thanks to the great experience I had here! Service was excellent! The waiter was very helpful and offered recommendations. The people there were so nice. Food was delicious. We got the churrasco arriero (skirt steak), pulp a la gallega (octopus), caracoles (escargot), and pelotillas de queso de cabra (fried qoat cheese). Everything was delicious, got to try all different flavors! My favorite was the skirt steak; it was cooked very well and the dipping sauce was very tasty. Drinks are good too; we happen to come when it was happy hour. For $4, we got a big glass of sangria and it was really good with just enough alcohol! Not very expensive for good food! Definitely will come here again!
5383	7	2014-06-03	Absolutely love this place, hands down my favorite restaurant in the city (I promise I don't work here!). I discovered it randomly over 4 years ago (when I think it just opened), thank you Caracas for not being able to accommodate our party that night! All the food I've had is absolutely delicious. I always get gambas al ajillo (garlic shrimp), pulpo a la gallega (octopus), mussels, and potatoes and a variety of other stuff. I usually get the tapas portions of everything and split it with the rest of my table. I've been to Spain twice and the food here feels authentic. Still haven't tried the paella which must have gotten added to the menu sometime within the last year. Lastly, everything is very reasonably priced The sangria is awesome as well- delicious but not too sweet. The service is excellent and friendly. Don't miss their free flamenco shows on Thursdays and Saturdays at 8:30 and 10:30. The shows are awesome and run close to an hour. Make sure to make a reservation if you wanna see a show, I think around 2 weeks before to be safe. I made my last reservation 2 months in advance to make sure I can take my parents after graduation, but that was a bit excessive and I think the staff was a little shocked. Overall, feels like a little and delicious piece of Spain in the middle of the East Village. I've been here probably close to 10 times by now and I can't wait to go back!
5384	7	2014-05-31	This place is pretty legit. As far as tapas go it's pretty solid, granted I don't eat pork or seafood so in prob missing their best dishes, but what I did have was pretty good. Although the Patatas Bravas and Asparagus were not as good as I had hoped, in fact they were kinda bad. The chicken croquets and Empanadas were on point. It's a good place for a crowd, it's very noisy though so a get to know you date may be better suited elsewhere. The good thing about this place is that it's true Tapas. Everything is small and about 5 bucks so you can order about 5 dishes and share them!
5385	7	2014-05-31	Absolute worst restaurant in manhattan. Terrible staff, terrible food, terrible time. I would recommend it only to my worst enemy.
5386	7	2014-05-28	Good tapas place. Can be a little loud but otherwise good date place. Recommended: Croquetas De Pollo, patatas bravas
5387	7	2014-05-26	Remarkable, spot-on tapas served by gracious, helpful staff. In my many outings to Nai, I've yet to be disappointed by any dish. Most notable are the galician boiled octopus and the paella, which often sells out given its popularity/ ridiculous level of deliciousness. However, Nai stands out among its East Village competitors due its superior pacing. If you order red sangria, your meat dishes will arrive first. White? The seafood is brought promptly to the table. They sell an awesome, sweet seafood crepe that makes for a perfect savory dessert, which conveniently arrives right at the end of the meal. Small restaurants in New York are often driven to maximize covers, rushing their diners through disorganized meals. Nai's consistent attention to detail and order makes it a real gem. Wait for a table, you won't be sorry.
5388	7	2014-05-23	If you're a fan of great food in a cozy environment with amazing Flamenco performances, you must check this place out. There were not that many vegetarian options but dishes we ordered were all excellent, except for one. What we ordered: Patata Bravas - Nice spicy kick in the sauce Patata Aoli(?) - My second favorite dish that had garlic aoli on top of square potatoe fries Coconut seafood crepe - My favorite dish that had shrimp and crab inside small dumpling looking crepes Goat cheese Croquette - Small portions. We only got 3 small croquettes... Mango Sangria- Definitely worth it. For $7 you get a huge glass of tangy, perfect sangria. White Asparagus with pink sauce - Unlike what other reviewers said, this dish did not work for me or my friends. It was mushy and just plain not appetizing. However, the waiter was so kind to take it off of our bill when we asked.
5389	7	2014-05-19	I was visiting from out-of-town with my gf and we found Nai. We had to wait a good hour for a seat at the bar, but the sangria was really really good and put me at ease making the wait no problem. We shared pulpo en su tinta, pulpo gallega, a Spanish Omelette and jamon y queso. I especially enjoyed the pulpo en su tinta, but my gf didn't. She gagged just looking at me enjoying eating the octopus smiling w the ink sauce from it all over my mouth. †Maybe it's because I spent several months in Spain that I was unfazed by the presentation of pulpo en su tinta. My plan is to bring my dad there when we go on a business trip to NY in June.
5390	7	2014-05-17	Came in on a Saturday night so we could catch the flamenco show. Ordered a couple of their tapas and some wine, oh my it was delicious! Everything we tried was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. What stood out the most were the "gambas al ajillo" and the "pulpo". You can taste the difference and the authentic flair compared to other tapas places. We were seated right in front of the performers and it was delightful to enjoy our food to flamenco dance. Definitely coming back! †warning: this place is packed on the weekends, get a reservation if possible.
5391	7	2014-05-14	I went there twice. The first time I was very impressed with the tapas, the sangria and the music (some Manu Chao, Jarabe de Palo, Julieta Venegas). Very tasty and quick service. The 2nd time, I went with the same enthusiasm but, despite it being a weeknight again, the staff seemed too busy/overwhelmed to even talk to us. The 1st person asked us what we want, we said we want a table, he told us to wait. 5 minutes later we hadn't heard from anyone. I asked another person, she said she'll check to see if there's something and came back 1-2 minutes later saying there's only place at the bar. Not sure why this was, there seemed to be some empty tables (maybe they had an event to prepare for, not sure) but we were hungry and left. I'll definitely go again, but did have a bit of mixed reaction.
5392	7	2014-05-11	The food is great here. So are the Sangria's . The service was well and I loved the entertainment. It would be best to make reservations.
5393	7	2014-05-11	Good place!! Small so make reservations. We ended up eating at bar because even with a reservation it was a long wait. Yum tapas good drinks and if your lucky some entertainment.
5394	7	2014-05-11	Really good sangria. Food was tasty, and lots of good options! There were still more items on the menu that we wanted to try.... More filling for your buck than most tapas places. Would like to return for the dancing!
5395	7	2014-05-08	Obsessed with the place!!! †Wait is always long but the food is delicious and the manager/owner is so nice that you rarely care about the wait. †Love the food - literally have had one of almost everything on the menu and am never disappointed! †Sangria and prices are excellent too! Highly recommend for a girls night out, date night, when family is in town, etc -- have never brought anyone who didn't immediately love it!
5396	7	2014-05-08	Starting from the way you are greeted at the bar (thanks Dave!), every person who came in contact with us was polite, helpful and gave great suggestions. †We went here for our 2nd anniversary, and it was a perfect night. Especially suggest trying the ham croquetas (or any croquetas for that matter), and the garlic shrimp. †The coconut crepe with scallops, crab and shrimp was also delicious, and the fried goat cheese never disappoints. Beyond the food, they also had a great beer and wine list, which was very affordable ($9 - 11 glasses of wine). †I must mention the staff one more time, because everyone made us feel very welcome and felt truly sincere. We definitely plan on returning here without a doubt, since there were a few dishes and the sangria that we still want to try. †Don't forget to pick up an Italian pastry next door on your way home too. Enjoy!
5397	7	2014-05-05	One of favorite restaurants in nyc, though only on Thursday and Saturdays because of the live flamenco music. With this as a complement to the tapas served here, you're really in for a perfect evening. I've been here several times and have never been disappointed. The tapas they serve here are great and the paella is pretty good as well. Notables include the Gambas, patatas bravas, croquetas, any dish with sardines and the chorizo. The paella was pretty good in addition to the house bread which you definitely need to dip in your Gambas oil. The only bad criticism I have was that the sangria could've been a lot better as it tasted bland and watered down. Otherwise great restaurant for any occasion !
5398	7	2014-05-05	My husband and I were looking for a good Tapas place and found this one on a Yelp. Unfortunately it did not I've up to the favorable reviews - food was just fair and service was slow.
5399	7	2014-05-05	A group of 6 of us went to Nai for my brothers birthday party. Wow! What a fantastic time. The foot was superb, the waitstaff was on point, and the flamenco was fantastic (just like I remember it in Spain)! Since it was my brothers birthday they invited him up on stage to dance. It was a great night that we will always remember. Thank you to all the staff and dancers for an unforgettable evening!
5400	7	2014-05-01	i'm disappointed in this restaurant because while the food was good, i felt there were many technical and conceptual errors that if tightened up, could have made it great. none of the bread was toasted. †i don't know if that was intentional, but i really felt the cold, slightly stale bread took away from the meal. †the one tapas we got with toasted bread really paired well with the curizo, so i'm disappointed all of the bread wasn't toasted. † the sauce on the asparagus was just a misfire to me. †i'm sure it's made from scratch, but it literally tasted exactly like thousand island dressing and did not pair well with the asparagus. the tortilla was somewhat underwhelming and bland. †the paella was border line inedible salty. †i don't even necessarily blame them for that. †it happens. but just another example of careless errors. the grilled sardines were solid, but again, wish it came on toasted bread. †the Patatas Bravas were another solid dish. †the sauce on that was crack. †we got one tapas with fried cheese and that was great. the meat/cheese platter was underwhelming. †felt like i was at a suburban dinner party and someone just opened up a meat/cheese packet from plastic. all in all, i didn't dislike this restaurant, i was just disappointed by it. there were a few great bits, a few terrible bits, but mostly it was just solid, unexciting food. †i would not come back here again.
5401	7	2014-05-01	Came here this past weekend for a friends birthday, awesome food, weak but yummy sangria, and a pretty rude waiter. First off, the food. We got so much I'm not even sure of everything we had. Stand outs include the coconut crepes, the skirt steak, and the meatballs. You can just order as you go so be careful, it does start to add up! One of the †things they pride themselves on is their sangria selection, we ended up getting the pomegranate blueberry champagne sangria, the mango sangria, and the red sangria, all of which were delicious but the red was the only one with any kind of kick to it. I don't know about you but when I drink through 6 glasses of sangria I expect to feel some kind of buzz after. Lastly our waiter was super "pleasant rude." He wasn't outright rude but he did have a bit of an attitude with us and tended to be super disapproving when we didn't take his recommendations. Not a big deal but a bit annoying. Go for the food and go for the flamenco, they have live dancing on weekends!
5402	7	2014-04-29	This was a great evening had by all!!! †First of all you must make a reservation if you want to see the flamingo dancers on Thursday or Saturday evening. The d√©cor is rustic but clean and looks very authentic, with small wood tables, a large wooden bar and other old world wood items to make it feel like an old wine cellar...I like it!! I went with a group of six and we tried several plates, and all of them were very tasty. †I was pleased to see that they make small plates and large plates of each item. †If you're with a large group get the larger plates it a much better deal and you can go back for seconds All I will say is get a pitcher of SANGRIA....don't short change yourself on the experience!!!!! Now the best part of all was a mini Flamingo dance show....I was totally surprised and thoroughly entertained!!! Two female dancers & 2 musicians turned everyone up and brought them to their feet. †It was an awesome job so much so I want to buy the unattractive shoes and learn how to flaming dance A+ for this place I will †be back....DEELISH!!!!!
5403	7	2014-04-29	I've been going to nai tapas for at least the past 2 years. It's my go to tapas and sangria place. Their happy hour for pitchers of sangria run till 7pm. The tapas, omg the tapas are sooo good. My favorites are † Croquetas De Jamon, Patatas Bravas,Gambas Al Ajillo, Pulpo A La Gallega, Croquetas De Bacalao, squid in its own ink and the meatballs are sooo good. Every time I go there, I leave there satisfied. The waiters are so friendly and arent afraid to joke around with their customers.
5404	7	2014-04-25	it was great
5405	7	2014-04-21	Go for the octopus, stay for the flamenco music, stay even longer for the house sangria. I dined with ten others, and the service didn't miss a beat. Far better than the surrounding tapas options. Head in either early or very late, this place is packed from 7:30 - 10.
5406	7	2014-04-20	Came here for a friend's birthday. We ordered like half the menu and everything tasted so amazing! The tapas that really stood out for me was the Patatas Bravas - their house special sauce brings liiiifeee to mee, potatoes are perfectly made Croquetas De Pollo - warm cheesy goodness, i actually couldnt tell there was chicken in here, but the mixture of melted cheese was soooo good. also had the Croquetas De Jamon which was less cheesy and more ham, also great. Seafood paella - perfectly seasoned, not overly salty, so much flavor, rice is cooked to PERFECTION, seafood not overcooked. One of the better ones I tried. Empanadillas De Carne - loooved the beef filling, loved the outer flaky shell even more. Besides the food, we also tried 4 pitchers of their house sangria. My favorite was the mango sangria. Afterwards, they had flamenco dancing performance. Their band and the dancers were amazinggggg. We felt like we took a trip to Spain for dinner. †Very great ambience. Waiter was very friendly and kept checking with us for more drinks and food. Would definitely come back, be sure to make reservations!
5407	7	2014-04-20	Heard about this place from a friend. Boy was I glad that I did. Was easily able to reserve a table for 2 @ 10pm on a Thursday. Just in time for the flamenco dancers. Loved the decor. Had the champaign sangria was delicious. You'll wanna get the full pitcher. We had ordered 4 dishes to share. Steak was delicious and also had goat cheese. Any plate that passed looked great! Waite staff friendly and always kept my glass full. I will return
5408	7	2014-04-19	This place is definitely worth trying out! Visited this place to celebrate my friend's birthday, our waitress was very friendly and attentive, our food was great. We mainly tried the vegetarian options and ordered pitchers of Sangria. This seems like a fun place to catch up with friends and relax after work!
5409	7	2014-04-15	Food was ok...some plates were better than others... If you're in the area then ok to stop by, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Churrasco Arriero skirt steak saut√©ed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers- good flavor but overcooked...meat was too chewy Albondiguillas Estofadas stewed meatballs in a brandy sauce...meatballs too mushy and sauce was too sweet, not one of my favorite dishes Gambas En Salsa Verde grilled shrimp in parsley, wine & garlic sauce- tasty but nothing to write home about
5410	7	2014-04-09	Good service, great tapas. My wife and I ordered about 5 dishes, which were enough for both of us to share. We went during happy hour so our drinks were cheap
5411	7	2014-04-07	This is a great place to eat. Large selection of tapas and sangria. We split four tapas between two people and that was plenty. The mussels and garlic shrimp were both dynamite. Definitely recommended, and there are plenty of good spots nearby for pre/post dinner drinks.
5412	7	2014-04-06	Wonderful place! Friendly service! Came when it was $20 pitchers of Sangria. The food is delicious-especially the fried goat cheese. The mussels are also delicious...and the blueberry champagne sangria is absolutely to die for!
5413	7	2014-04-05	Great service, attentive but not over the top. Food was terrific. Escargot, blood sausages, cured meat platter with cheeses were fresh and delicious. The garlic shrimp, seafood croquettes had heaps of flavor. Seating was comfortable, wife and I had a blast. Sangria has love in it :) So does this charming place. We'll be back.
5414	7	2014-04-05	great food, awesome vibe and I would suggest making a reservation so that you don't have to wait.
5415	7	2014-04-01	I just figured I would update a year later. I have returned to Nai with my brother for several birthdays and other various celebrations and we are always amazed with the fantastic food and service, keep up the amazing job. Also you MUST try their house sangria (I'm partial to the white) especially if you enjoy a sweeter sangria.
5416	7	2014-03-28	Had a wonderful birthday dinner here! We came on a Thursday, so were able to enjoy the Flamenco dancing. †For a few minutes we forgot we were in NYC and were transported to a small restaurant in Seville. † The tapas are all very fresh and come out nice and hot. †The sangria is a little on the sweet side, but delicious nonetheless. Highly recommend!
5417	7	2014-03-26	Great food and a really nice staff. †The hanger steak, shrimp in garlic sauce, and fried goat cheese dishes were incredible. †Try the squid cooked in its own ink if you're feeling adventurous - it's pretty fishy, but a cool experience. † Their sangria pitchers can be a little pricey relative to other places nearby, but they do have half-price pitchers some night of the week. †Also, the menu can be a little overwhelming because it lacks organization.
5418	7	2014-03-24	I can only comment on the food, since I don't really drink, but the sangria choices sound amazing! BF brought me here for my birthday the other night. Despite the cruddy weather, the atmosphere at Nai was lively and upbeat. We got a table towards the back. The server was really friendly and answered whatever questions we had about the menu items. I think between 2 people about 5-6 tapas plates is good, depending on how big of an appetite you have. We had: + Churrasco Arriero - skirt steak (fabulous!) + Gambas Al Ajillo - garlic shrimp (make sure you have bread for dipping!) + Caracoles - escargot (also good for dipping bread) + Empanadillas De Carne - beef empanadas (very filling) + Croquetas De Jam√≥n - serrano ham croquettes (better than the chicken one since there's a bit more saltiness that brings out more of the flavors) + Croquetas De Pollo - chicken croquettes Overall I would recommend it for a nice evening out with friends for socializing over small bites and sangria.
5419	7	2014-03-23	This is place should have an overall 3 or 3.5. I just think 4 is a but too generous. Made a reservation for 2 and still waited 45 minutes... they did make up for it by giving us a pitcher of complimentary sangria, but it came when the check came and we were ready to start the night out...so we didn't drink much of it anyway. Food was OK, not amazing... had the octopus, garlic shrimp, and pickled tuna. None were amazing, a lot of butter in all the dishes. I have had better tapas and I probably wouldn't return nice we live in the city of thousands of restaurants, but always glad to give new places a try!
5420	7	2014-03-18	I wandered into Nai several years ago for the first time. I have been there now a total Of 5 times. Service is always friendly, if a little frazzled. Wine choices favor Spanish ( no surprise). This and sangria makes me happy. But the piece de resistance is the live flamenco on Thurs an Sat. Book at least a week ahead, they have become super popular. Again, no surprise. Food is a volition pricey for portion size, but always fresh and tasty.
5421	7	2014-03-18	Great food - Great server - Reasonable prices...this place has it all! Definitely will go back!!
5422	7	2014-03-17	Went with 4 girlfriends on a Friday and there was a great crowd. †We split 4 tapas and a pitcher of sangria and ended up only spending $20 each . †That is a steal for NY. †We had the mussels, skirt steak, patatas with garlic aioli, and fried goat cheese. †Everything was really great. I probably would skip the goat cheese next time though. †The portions are big too. None of us left hungry. †I will definitely go here again and try to make the flamenco show. †I recommend making a reservation.
5423	7	2014-03-16	Boyfriend and I just went here and it was amazing! Cozy rustic atmosphere with brick walls. Low lighting and not overly decorated We got the pomegranate and blueberry sangria. Delicious And a bunch of tapas. We got... Shrimp in garlic sauce, meat and mixed cheese platter, ham croquettes, spicy tomato sauce potatos, fried goat cheese, meatballs, and the coconut crepes. All were absolutely amazing! Our least fav was probably the meatballs but it was simply bc they werent AS awesome as everything else Reasonably priced as well. Super friendly service. Our waiters name was Uno and he was amazing!!!! Recommended dishes. Answered questions and was attentive but not overbearing Will be going back. Next time on a flamenco night
5424	7	2014-03-08	Excellent portions. Delicious taste and reasonable pricing ! Fabulous tapas and very tasty sangria. The flamenco nights are out of this world !!
5425	7	2014-03-06	Spectacular selection of Wines and freshly made Sangria per Monday through Wednesday Happy Hour Special. The Decor was very indicative of a Spanish Taverna in Anadalucia. The Gambas Al Ajillo and Calimar in its own ink were flavorful and delicious. I was not overly impressed by the Jamon, but overall a step up from the normal overpriced sensationalized Tapas restaurants indicative of Manhattan. Good Tapas involves simplicity and good company.
5426	7	2014-03-05	Very charming place, lots of good choices of Sangria, must haves are the Garlic Shrimp (save some bread to soak up that sauce) and Chorizo dishes.
5427	7	2014-03-04	I love everything about Nai Tapas!! It's a great place for groups/birthday parties... I've been four or five times with a party of 5+ and everyone always has a great time. The food is delicious (get the garlic shrimp and dip the bread in the sauce!) but not too expensive, the sangria is great and the service is good too! I've seen the flamenco show twice and it's really fun -- both times we were sitting right in front and it was pretty loud, so don't plan on having any deep conversations during it (lasts about 30-45 mins i think?).
5428	7	2014-03-02	Nai Tapas is awesome!! Amazing food, great service, centrally located in E. Village and perfect for large groups. Came here last night for one of my besties' birthday. We were a group of 10, and so when my friend made the reservation, the restaurant suggested a fixed menu of $40/ person for dinner and unlimited pitchers of sangria. What more could you ask for at $40?! Great price point. This place is pretty casual for a tapas bar - not overly romantic or fancy by any means; but the food is authentic, the crowd is low-key and even if you weren't from E. Village, you easily could feel like a local here. The food was AH-mazing. Cannot get over it. We were all stuffed to the brim yet continued eating because we just couldn't stop ourselves. Here are the dishes that were brought out to us from the menu - 2 portions of each plate were served for the group (plus baskets of bread): - Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce): ***my favorite dish*** - Bacalao Frito (lightly fried fresh cod): the fish was as soft as butter and the dipping sauce was tasty - Croquetas de Pollo (chicken croquettes) & Croquetas de Jamon (Serrano ham): both so good! - Tortilla Espanola (traditional Spanish omelette): probably my least fave of all as the flavor was very mild - Patatas Bravas (potatoes coated with spicy house tomato sauce): tasty but very spicy! - Patatas Alioli (potatoes basted in a creamy garlic alioli sauce): bomb.com! - Charrasco Arriero (skirt steak): awesome dish; meat was very tender - Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs in brandy sauce) - Chorizo a la Plancha (grilled Spanish sausage): very tasty Wow. We ate a LOT!! My fave was definitely the shrimp & the croquettas. Least fave: the tortilla espanola (though it was good, there were other potato-based dishes already served that this felt excessive). The sangria pitchers kept on coming and being refilled! ** Dessert time (though honestly, who has room for more food at this point?!): The birthday girl and one other from our group is gluten-intolerant, so we brought our own cake for dessert. The servers were helpful by bringing out the cake with a candle and then they cut up the cake for us. We didnt stay for the live flamenco dancing, as we were on our way to sing some karaoke down the street at Planet Rose, but towards the last hour of dinner, there was a small band playing live flamenco / salsa music and it was a fun atmosphere. We will all definitely be back! Service was excellent. Can't wait to try more dishes from the menu. I had never heard of this hidden gem before but am so glad it was introduced to me.
5429	7	2014-02-28	I don't understand how this place can get so many 4-5 star reviews. The food here is less than average especially for tapas in NYC. I †did not think the sangria was good and the decor was nothing special. The service also did not impress me. I will definitely not be returning here.
5430	7	2014-02-26	word of advice if you want close seats near the flamenco show make reservations a week in advance if you want really good seats in front of the flamenco show make reservations two weeks in advance. I found this out, after the fact I made reservations two days before the flamenco show, even after the guy told me "you will not be sitting near the flamenco show if that is okay?", I said yes in hopes of sneaking up to the front during the flamenco show to catch a glimpse of the dance.... boy was I wrong, this place is pretty small and the stage for the flamenco dancers are even smaller. When I went up to try to get a glimpse of the show, I was blocking the people sitting at the bar and the waiters/waitresses hustling and bustling by. †One waiter finally said "you have to move, you are blocking everybody." Whoops... anyway flamenco show aside (which was pretty awesome for the few seconds I caught of it) †food was pretty decent. I got the blueberry champagne sangria that everyone raves about it, and it is delicious- all bubbly and fruity and deceptively strong. One of these bad boys will definitely get you a little tipsy. For the tapas my friend and I shared the: 1) Plates of cheese and cured meats- I loved the manchego cheese- so soft and delish and the meats were good too 2) The fried goat cheese- all fried and tangy and once you bite into it, the cheese just oozes right out. 3) The garlic shrimp-- the sauce is thick and garlicky and great paired with bread 4) The clams diavalo -- the dish actually came out kinda cold, the sauce was really spicy and good but †I wasn't a huge fan. 5) The chorizo with quail egg - presentation is so cute with the tiny little egg on top and it was quit tasty but I feel like it's better off without the bread on the bottom and just chorizo and egg. I kinda wish I had more chorizo in the dish too. Overall the food was great and our waiter (Uno) †was amazing. Would love to return to try other tapas and hopefully score some good seats
5431	7	2014-02-24	Worth all of the hype! I visited Barcelona, Monsant, Rioja and Madrid this past December and have been craving tapas, Spanish charcuterie and cheeses ever since. I can be particular about food and am always skeptical about places in NYC- I'm always of the opinion that most restaurants survive even if they are mediocre simply because there are so many people in this darn city that they inevitably will have a full house even if their food/service isn't great. Well this is a serious neighborhood spot, hidden gem, worth all of the positive reviews! Service was welcoming and polite, if you have a little wait just grab a drink from the bartender, they will transfer your tab. The atmosphere is cozy and can be great for a romantic date night or a group birthday. They have a tv at the bar if you care for that- I think they were playing some futbol game, and they play Spanish pop music (Juanes, Bebe etc) softly, enough to be enjoyable but not too loud to be obnoxious. It is definitely worth making a reservation (OpenTable) as this place is very popular for date night, groups (3+ people all the way to 15+ birthday outings). Even if your table isn't ready right away, the host/hostess will get you seated and if the wait is too long they'll even bring by complimentary Sangria. Now for the food! Tortilla Espa√±ola was excellent and good-sized (we had leftovers that we gladly took home for breakfast), Albondigas (great , slow-simmered sauce), Gambas Al Ajillo †(Shrimp in Garlic Sauce- you could just order two orders of this and a basket of bread and call it a day!), Grilled Sardines with Red Pepper on Toast- fresh, grilled perfectly!; and Pan Tumaca (toast with tomato, manchego, Jamon Serrano). Everything was fresh, authentic and tasted very similar to tapas I have had in Spain. The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the Pulpo with Smoked Pimenton (octopus with Spanish Paprika). It was obviously the kind from a can- which in a pinch if you're craving it, can be ok- and the texture was unappetizing. If you are the type that likes authentic grilled, fresh Octopus (such as the type they serve in Greek/Mediterranean restaurants or other Spanish places; Pulpo a la Plancha), this is not it. This is the kind from a can, warmed up, tossed with olive oil and smoked paprika. Wasn't a fan. In addition, they were out of the Jamon croquetas which was disappointing, since that should be a staple item, but it was a busy Friday night. We had wines by the glass and a half pitcher of Sangria. The Sangria was ok but I am a wine purist and don't like wine/liquor punches or mimosas, but my friend enjoyed it. All in all, if you are prepared for a cozy, neighborhood spot that is popular, make a reservation and GO! There were two large groups, at least 10 people, at the same time we were there, and the waitstaff was able to serve them as well as the regular tables with no problem. They work hard and seem to enjoy their jobs, we always had water refills, etc, no problem asking for extra bread or an extra fork. Definitely recommend!
5432	7	2014-02-22	Such a beautiful place! I came here to celebrate valentine's day and it was just perfect! The locations narrow space can be a bit claustrophobic making it my only drawback abt this place. There is no easy way to maneuver through ppl. You have to move out of the way and be cautious not to bump someone else while doing so. With all this said I highly recommend making reservations to avoid this awkward dance with ppl. Plus who wants to wait more than 15mins for a table to become available?! Ok, first the drinks! I had a regular glass of sangria for $7. Not only was it delicious but it was huge!!! My dilemma was whether to order the half pitcher or a glass. The glass all the way! It was strong, and delicious. †By not ordering the half pitcher you can also try the diff sangria flavors, like i did. (I had the tropical sangria it was fruity but I def prefer the regular sangria). Just keep in mind 1 glass is sufficient but who can deny wanting to try as many flavors?! The food!! Yum yum yum! My absolute favorite were the meatballs and the empanadas. The pollo al ajillo was mmmmmm so good. The mussels were ok. This food reminded me of my moms cooking! How could I not give this place 5 stars? With those four plates it was enough for two ppl. They also constantly refill our bread basket which is nice bc you are able to use it to taste the sauce from the meatballs, chicken etc. The flamenco show which was suppose to start at 8:30 was just a cherry on top to the dinner. Unfortunately, there was a bday going on so they slightly blocked the stage but we were still able to enjoy the performance and music during our meal. They even invited the bday girl on stage!! For me this place is def on my list for bday considerations!!!
5433	7	2014-02-18	Met up with a girlfriend to catch up, we hadn't seen each other in, well, let's say, way too long. I'm giving this spot 3-stars not based on food, but only because it was chill, we sat for hours and were unrushed and the service was pretty good. †We shared tapas which were just so-so and unfortunately don't warrant a return visit. However, if you need a place for tapas, pretty good service in a relaxed atmosphere in East Village this might be a good spot for you.
5434	7	2014-02-17	I came here on a Thursday night to enjoy some drinks and a Flamenco show. †Warning: †This review is NOT about food. We ordered a pitcher of the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria and it was amazing. †If only all sangrias could be this good...It had the perfect balance of sweetness, bubbles, and kick from the alcohol, leaving you with the best kind of happy buzz. †The flamenco show was unreal. †You could see the passion in the performers' faces, this includes the dancers and the musicians. †I remember half way though the show thinking how thankful I am to live in Manhattan because without leaving the city, I could feel like I teleported to Spain for a few hours. †You get so sucked into the show that you forget you're in New York! If you want an authentic, intimate experience, this is your spot.
5435	7	2014-02-14	Made the reservation online for Wednesday 2/13 as it was my boyfriends birthday. After careful research on yelp i made the reservation for 8:00pm. Arrived at 745' ish. We were seated they knew exactly who we were. (on the reservation i noted it was his birthday and when they called me to confirm the reservation i mentioned if we can perhaps have a flan sent to the table.) they were amazing. The food! We had: The garlic shrimp - amazing! oh my! it was delicious! the skirt steak - amazing as well! the paella - my boyfriend loved it (i thought it was okay) the meatballs - not our favorite the goat cheese balls - † i loved them amazingly crunchy and soft on the inside. (the mister has never had goat cheese and fell in love) the snails - great experience so you can say you have tasted them but ive had better. coconut flan - i was too stuffed to eat it the mister ate it all (and he is not a big fan of coconut... ) I had the red sangria and he had the mango 2 glasses. :) since it was his birthday he got asked to join the flamenco show. It was amazing! We had a blast! he had †blast, enjoyed the food, enjoyed the show, enjoyed the service. Will i go back again? ummm YES! we are already talking about what we will have. Must go, must experience!
5436	7	2014-02-11	I celebrated my birthday here on a Saturday night, which is one of their flamenco performance nights. I got a great view of the stage and was blown away by the dancers! Definitely make a dinner reservation around a show time. It's worth it. In terms of food and drinks, there are a variety of sangria choices and all the tapas we ordered were pretty good. There were so many tapas options it was almost overwhelming, in a good way. The service was great! Jenny, our server, was incredibly welcoming and attentive. I had a great night!
5437	7	2014-02-09	Can't beat east village for food, and this place proves that. A very authentic Spanish restaurant with all the tapas I'd had in Madrid, and done well. There was flamenco dancing sat night, which made for great entertainment. This is place is wonderful for dates and chats with close friends. There are just good vibes there, just a great place.
5438	7	2014-02-08	Upon the recommendation of a regular, I met up with friends at Nai Tapas and was totally blown away by the awesomeness of this place! It's not huge, so definitely get there before 7pm unless you have made a reservation. There are a number of specialty sangrias, which you can purchase by the glass, the half pitcher, or a full pitcher. Consider them! All the tapas come in large and small sizes, so I recommend ordering about 6-7 (for a party of 3) of the small sizes, especially the: Churrasco Arriero - skirt steak saut√©ed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers Albondiguillas Estofadas - stewed meatballs in a brandy sauce Gambas Al Ajillo - grilled shrimp in garlic sauce Almejas En Salsa Verde - clams in parsley, wine and garlic sauce I loved all four of these dishes!! I also tried the new oxtail item on the menu, but realized oxtail just isn't for me. I am glad I tried it though. Service is outstanding and friendly, and I understand there are flamenco dancers some nights. I cannot wait to go back, possibly with my Book Club or a date!
5439	7	2014-02-04	Food was amazing! ordered oxtail, beef empanadas, and so much more. We had a party of 5 and with at least 4 cocktails the bills was under $200. In addition to the flamenco show, this place is a gem! Celebrated my birthday and I would take a star away because they had all the people who were celebrating their birthdays there get up and dance but I had so much fun it didn't matter. Definitely go there but make a reservation. This place fills up quick and runs out of room on the nights they have the flamenco show.
5440	7	2014-01-26	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. †We've spent lots of time in Spain and this is just as good as being in a local Spanish bar! †The food is amazing, the service is great, the atmosphere is fabulous especially the weekend evenings when they have music and dancing (I'm not sure of the schedule, but when you catch it it's great). †They also have my favorite spanish drink, Tinto de Verano.
5441	7	2014-01-21	Update: unfortunately their food was not as nice as before...but they still have nice stuff, live flamenco and good atmosphere. Would I go back? I don't think so.
5442	7	2014-01-20	The first time I came here I ordered the oxtail. Something the bf never had before. I had to put him on. It was an amazing experience and I was happy to share it with him. I can definitely consider this my new go-to tapas spot. The food seemed to have some thought put into it and quite ethnic. Lots of variety and the servers are very nice. Try to get the high-seated tables, it seems to carry the ambience well, instead of the low seating section tucked away in the back.
5443	7	2014-01-13	What a wonderful place! †Cozy, comfortable and low-key, this tapas bar has it all. †The staff is attentive and actually happy to be there! †The food is delicious: from the chorizo on toast topped with quail egg, to the stuffed peppers, to the skirt steak to the Seafood Payaya (their way) everything exceeded expectation. † I can not wait to go back!
5444	7	2014-01-10	Fun Thursday night! Came around 8pm for my boyfriend's birthday and were treated to a live flamenco show. Food was delicious and the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria was amazing. I had called ahead to see if they could bring out a dessert for the birthday celebration. INSTEAD, my boyfriend and I were both surprised when the live band called his name over the mic to have a birthday dance with one of the flamenco dancers. Definitely recommend for a fun date night.
5445	7	2014-01-06	One of the best tapas places in NY! Food was amazing and all people working there are super friendly. My group went for my friend's birthday Saturday night. The Flamenco dance every Saturday made the night a lot more fun and engaging. They served us a slice of birthday cake for free and "allowed" my bday friend to dance in front of everyone. Will definitely come back.
5446	7	2014-01-06	If you live in or are visiting NYC: COME HERE! Make a reservation for Thursday or Saturday at 8:00 or 10:00. And prepare yourself for a fantastically free flamenco show!! It was amazing and thoroughly entertaining, they even make people who are celebrating their birthdays get up and stomp away! I would strongly suggest bringing a friend so you can try more of the amazing menu. But if you're solo like me request a seat at the bar so you can watch the flurry of sangrias and possibly make friends with the bartender or people sitting next to you. This is also a great date spot if you're looking to romance someone over passionate dancing and tasty nibbles.
5447	7	2014-01-05	We went there for a quiet dinner on New Year Eve. We made a reservation the day before. We got a nice seat by the window. The server was very polite. The food was pretty good. We LOVE the ox tail dish very much. It is a MUST to order! We had a few other small plates they were all very delicious. They came in a generous size and reasonably priced. The spicy potatoes is another one to try. We had a few other variations before, this one is pretty good. We also had the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria. it was delicious. We will definitely go back!
5448	7	2014-01-03	Tasty tapas with complex flavor. Maybe better then Spain, just sayin
5449	7	2014-01-02	I need to come back here ASAP. My friends and I came without reservations on New Years Eve around 9pm (although I tried to make a reservation online, but as expected on NYE, no luck). We were greeted by David, who was so incredibly nice and hilarious! He said he wasn't sure if there were any openings, but spent several minutes to check (I guess to analyze the restaurant crowd and to see if anyone was leaving). He came back, said the wait was 5 minutes, which was fantastic since I expected to be turned away! We weren't staying for the whole night when he asked us, and when we fervently assured him we weren't, he enthusiastically asked us "why not? you should!" ... which was another response I wasn't expecting (I thought he was going to say 'good, because we're booked and you've only got the table until the next party comes' or 'we're booked for the rest of the night' or 'you can't have the table forever'). I believe my waitress was named Jenny, who is also just as charming and helpful. Food was delicious! I had to get the seafood paella, my friends got this delicious fruity salad and some other things I cannot recall... we stayed a good amount of time before leaving to our New Years Eve engagements, sad to leave this great find. But I'll definitely be back (next time to enjoy the drinks)!!
5450	7	2014-01-01	Had a delightful tapas dinner here on a recent Sunday evening. The platter of meats and cheeses, the simple chorizo dish, the patatas, and the garlic shrimp were all very well prepared. They forgot our order of the octopus, but we were plenty full so no harm, no foul. We washed it all down with a nice bottle of rioja. We were still engrossed in conversation after we finished our bottle, so they continued to top us off from their open bottle at the bar -- now that's good service.
5451	7	2013-12-28	I came here with my husband for a date night and was slightly disappointed. The ambiance is good. Cozy and welcoming. Kinda of dark with the exposed brick walls. I liked it. What I was not impressed with was the food; we ordered pretty much everything off the menu, †because that's what we usually do. Lol I can honestly say that the OCTOPUS WAS THE BEST!!!!!! Most tender and juicy. †One of the few you can find in the city. However, all the rest were just ok... not blown away. Blend, not much flavor, †greasy, etc. I would come back here just to have some drinks and the octopus. Not for the entire dinner meal though.
5452	7	2013-12-28	My boyfriend and I have been coming to Nai for years and when my brother came to town with his fianc√©, it was a no brainer that this is where we would be taking them. We went on Thursday so we saw the amazing Flamenco dancers and, as usual, the food was perfect. We ordered multiple pitchers of Sangria (red, champagne, and blueberry champagne) and each was more tastey than the other. Some of the best Sangria we've had. Our favorite dish is usually the fried goat cheese on toast, patatas aioli, and mussels. Can't wait to go back soon. Hands down our favorite place in the city.
5453	7	2013-12-26	Is this place real? Or did I dream this glorious dinner experience? Not really sure because everything about our night and experience here was AWESOME and for such a great price. Located in the East Village on 1st between 10th and 11th, I have passed Nai many times, and never thought anything of it. Nai came recommended to my friend Rachel which was perfect since we were craving two things: tapas and sangria. Okay... Where do I begin? Our waiter was one of the most attentive, friendly and knowledgable people I have ever encountered at a restaurant in this city. The service we experienced throughout our 3 and 1/2 hour meal at Nai Tapas got me thinking about how fantastic service has become rare, and we have just gotten used to mediocre service and being rushed in and out of restaurants so the next party can be seated. This is not the case at Nai. We enjoyed our dinner with warm welcome, as we were continually told to take our time, and thoroughly enjoy our food and drinks. And thank you sir, we did just that... On top of the 5 star service at this modest, authentic Spanish restaurant on 1st Ave, they offer happy hour until 8PM. $20 pitchers of sangria, with 4 flavors to choose from, the most important and insanely delicious being: the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria. Rachel and I shared 2 pitchers throughout the course of the night and couldn't get enough. It was probably the best sangria I've had since sitting on the beaches of Spain, and with a sweet, bubbly, fizzy, happy buzz from the champagne. (I brought another friend 3 days later for happy hour). Nai offers a long menu of authentic Spanish tapas, ideal for ordering a bunch and sharing. This was a mission within itself since we wanted everything on the menu. Luckily for us, our waiter provided helpful tips, how they are prepared, and his personal favorites. They start you off with a baguette and olive oil, while you take your time and peruse the menu. We ordered seven tapas throughout the night, two or three at time, to stagger the flow of our meal while we enjoyed each, and sipped our sangria. Everything we ordered was fresh and flavorful, transporting me right back to Spain for the night, four blocks from my NY apartment. What to order: Fried goat cheese balls wrapped in Serrano ham with a slice of tomato on toast. Amazing. ($6) Gambas Al Ajillo- Grilled shrimp in garlic sauce. Garlicky, plump shrimp. ($6) Bacalao Frito- Chunks of cod, lightly fried. Fresh, crispy, and perfect with a squeeze of lemon. ($6) Patatas Aioli- Potatoes in a garlic aioli sauce. Crispy potatoes. Creamy garlic aioli. Unreal. ($5) Caracoles- Escargot in our house sauce. Escargot. Butter sauce. ($5) Albondiguillas Estofadas- Stewed meatballs in a brandy sauce. Tender, rich in vibrant spices. ($5) Stuffed peppers with ham and Manchego cheese, topped with Quail eggs. Over easy quail eggs. Melted cheese and ham on toast. ($7) Coconut Flan (Not pictured since we devoured so quickly). Delicious, creamy, sweet, tons of coconut. ($5) What I've been dreaming about for our next visit: Lomo Adobado Con Pimientos Asados- Seasoned pork loin with fresh roasted red peppers Pan Tumaca- Toast with a coating of tomato, topped with serrano ham & manchego cheese Madrid Tropical- Baby spinach, avocado, hearts of palm, sliced oranges, walnuts, red onions & strips of red peppers tossed in our house vinaigrette Mejillones A La Cerverza- Mussels cooked with shallots, garlic, cilantro and lager Pulpo A La Gallega- Spanish octopus in virgin olive oil, sprinkled with sea salt and sweet paprika Croquetas De Jam√≥n- Serrano ham croquettes
5454	7	2013-12-21	Very warm and inviting place. Wait staf is helpful and very friendly. Tapas were wonderfully tasty, especially the oxtail. You will love Nai
5455	7	2013-12-20	Really like this place! They have house-made sangrias, live flamenco entertainment thur/sat 8:30pm and 10:30pm. The tapas recipes are very interesting, they're specifically Galician. Very cool! We did not make reservations, and I strongly recommend that you do, but they were so nice and tried their best to seat us.
5456	7	2013-12-20	Four of us came out here last night to enjoy the late night flamenco show. Nai is your typical East Village underground establishment: quaint but makes the most of its size to create convivial environment. Exposed brick walls, sconces which emit intimate, cave-like lighting, built in arches depicting the daily life of a Spanish se√±orita, and an overall authentic charm that only Tapas places hold the key to. My friend made the reservation for the 10 pm show (no cover charge(!), but it was booked for the earlier time slot at 8:30) and I would definitely recommend proceeding with reserving in advance because the place gets packed tighter than boquerones. For drinks, we decided to stick with the sangrias which were amazing. The regular version had the perfect balance of sweetness and one bite into the apple revealed that the fruit flavors had been replaced by liquor splendor. We also went for a pitcher of the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria which was absolutely delicious. I only had about 2 glasses and I was definitely feeling their effects quickly (though I'm sure the drunken fruit had something to do with that as well). The show is absolutely amazing. Willa Bronce, the Romanian Gypsy who gives most of the solo performances, is stunning. My eyes were transfixed as we watched her dig her soles/soul into that dance floor, whipping her hair around like a whip and clapping her castanets with the vigor of a crab's claws. The music, at once hypnotic and sultry, is sensational and makes for quite the passionate evening. My only complaint is that I wish the show was longer than the set hour! Nevertheless, it's places like Nai that make me thankful I live in a city where I could easily bask in the heat of a flamenco show without having to travel to Spain. I'll definitely be back to Nai for some more flamencho fire and perhaps even a tapas or two.
5457	7	2013-12-17	Awesome, awesome drinks! very good food. We tried at least 10 dishes and were not disappointed with any. We also went on a Flamenco night and enjoyed the performance.
5458	7	2013-12-13	I have been on the lookout for a good tapas place in NYC. So far I've been underwhelmed. Everything has been alright so far. Nai Tapas stepped it up a notch. Could it have been that I was mildly intoxicated with their DELICIOUS blueberry sangria? Probably. You're saying to yourself: "Blueberry sangria? That can't be! Also, I hate blueberries, so NO!" All I have to say back is: SHUT UP AND GET IT! My lady-friend doesn't like blueberries either (I know, why am I still with her?) but she was all over their sangria. BLUEberry? More like HAPPYberry (Get it? You do). We had a selection of different tapas to accompany our drinks: patatas bravas, chorizo, meatballs, cheeses and a host of other stuff that I can't remember. The main take away: run, don't walk here. Stop everything that you're currently doing. Facebook can wait. Tell your boss the TPS reports are coming in late (and yes, you will remember the cover page this time). "But Jaime..." you say (God, you're whiny today), "How's the service?" When I say that I wanted to be best friends with the wait staff, I mean it. They are super friendly and helpful. They also play great music that made me feel as if I was back in Spain. Bottom line? Do I really need to write it? I mean, you're pretty certain this places is like Spain, but in the city. I gave it five stars and spent 4 paragraphs (oh God, this makes 5!) talking about how amazing it is. Do yourself a favor and stop reading. If you're still moving your eyes to follow these words, you're an idiot. STOP! Direct your body towards Nai Tapas. Now. You can thank me later in between swigs of sangria.
5459	7	2013-12-13	Made a reservation here this past Tuesday for 6 p.m. I arrived around 5:50 with my cousin and we were the only diners here for until around 6:30 (then it started getting busy). We were greeted and seated promptly, our server (forgot his name) was excellent throughout the whole night. He came to our table quite a few times asking how our meal was, refilling water/alcohol, and we shared a small conversation about my upcoming backpacking trip to Europe. We ordered large everything (except asparagus). Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce), Mejillones R√≠as Baixas (mussels), Pintxo de Chistorra con Huevo de Codorniz (spicy chorizo/quail egg/manchego cheese toast), Chorizo Riojana (chorizo/potatoes/egg yolk), Rabo Guisado (braised oxtail- the winner at our table), Esparragos Navarros (white asparagus- first time trying, we didn't like this. kinda too mushy for my liking, and no taste. the server did inform us of the difference though between white and green asparagus), & Tabla de Quesos y Embutidos (assorted cured meats/cheese). After ordering, our server asked if I've ever been here before because I ordered all their favorites/popular dishes. I said nope, but Yelp brought me here! So thank you fellow Yelpers! EVERYTHING (except the white asparagus) was DELICIOUS! The bread basket they give you is also perfect for dipping in the sauces/delicious goodness. We also ordered a pitcher of Tropical Sangria, and it was good. Maybe a little too fruity, and we didn't taste all that much alcohol, but that could be because we are alcoholics in training. I will try the other sangrias next time. I really liked this restaurant's food, and I would come back again. The GREAT SERVICE we received here was a cherry on top of a great dinner!
5460	7	2013-12-11	AMAZING. †Service, food, music... Can't recommend Nai Tapas Bar more!
5461	7	2013-12-10	The best spicy clams of my life. Almejas Diablo. Spicy, salty, savoury. Simply amazing. They were ao delicious that I wiped the sauce with the bread. And I NEVER eat the bread. Gambas al Ajillo - after the clams, this was my second favorite. Perfectly cooked shrimp (hard to come by) in a garlic olive oil sauce. Wine - great Sangria! The rest of the wine selection is so-so
5462	7	2013-12-10	I took my date here Saturday night and we had a blast. We didn't have reservations, which was my mistake, so there was a 45-minute wait. The host was very accommodating though, and he provided us with bar stools to sit on while we waited. The waitress was friendly and attentive, the food was delicious, and the entertainment was great--a very festive and appropriate atmosphere. Highly recommended.
5463	7	2013-12-07	Pomegranate sangria FTW! Service is fantastic and prices are very affordable. The paella however was more like a rice dish and not in the traditional pan with all the crunchy deliciosuness on the bottom, still good but I had different expectations. Mussels were amazing! Did I mention the pomegranate sangria? It is a MUST!
5464	7	2013-12-06	All of our dishes were amazing. The best ess the chorizo over playfully pepper and toast topped with fried quail egg and manchego. Highly recommend!!
5465	7	2013-12-06	Having heard great things about this tapas bar, my friend and I decided that we would catch up over some wine and tapas here. Alas, the tapas just don't compare to the lovely plates at places like Casa Mono or Boqueria. For sure, Nai is nowhere near the same league as the aforementioned. Although the dining room only had one table seated when I arrived, I contributed that to our early meeting time. Because, as we were heading out, the dining room was near capacity. Maybe I should have taken the empty tables as a sign when I walked by and canceled my reservation, but I hate scrambling for another dinner option at the last minute. Plus, what's the harm in trying a new place? We opted for a pitcher of blueberry-pomegranate champagne sangria. I appreciated the fact that they have quite a few options that don't use red wine as a base. Not that I don't like red wine, but because it makes me sleepy. The sangria was not overly sweet, slightly tart and quite refreshing. And, since we were dining early, we got the entire pitcher at happy hour prices ($20)! That's probably the only part of the dinner that I enjoyed besides the company. The waiter suggested 2-3 tapas per person, so we figured 5 would be a good number. Pan Tumaca - barely toasted bread with barely a drop of tomato juice topped with serrano ham and manchego cheese. I should've known not to order this when I saw that it was topped with ham and cheese. When I order pan tumaca, I really just want garlicky tomatoes on nicely toasted bread. What a disappointment. Pulpo a la Gallega - octopus with paprika, olive oil and salt. I was looking forward to grilled octopus, but this seemed boiled and tossed in the paprika and oil. It had a mushy texture and some pieces seemed to have this oddly gel-like consistency. Gross! Bacalao Frito - basically fried fish nuggets served with an aioli. Nothing special and the batter was not crispy. Patatas Alioli - potatoes in a garlic alioli sauce. The potatoes were not crisp enough and absorbed all the alioli sauce, which just made it even soggier. Caracoles - escargot in a house sauce. I didn't completely mind this only because the snails came in a really good garlic sauce. I would've liked if more had there been toast to soak up all the sauciness. I made do with bread from the bread basket and sopped up the sauce - no shame! Maybe we ordered wrong, but I can't say that I was impressed with any of the dishes we ordered. And even though I liked the sangria, it wasn't something that would bring me back to this place. I'm guessing that most people come here because the price points are low, but I'd much rather pay more and enjoy my food than cheap out and have a bad dinner. Sorry Nai, I'm going to have to say nay to a next time...
5466	7	2013-12-06	Came here for my friends birthday dinner at around 8:30/9 on a Wednesday. Let me just say, the place is a tad hard to locate (literally wandered on the same block aimlessly for a good minute before I looked up and OH! well...THERE IT IS!). The service here is AMAZING!!! Our waiter Unueo (prounounced UNO, like the card game), gets an A++ for his top notch recommendations, funny jokes, and impeccable service. He was not only attentive, but paid extra attention to tiny details for the birthday girl (ie: big ol' sangria glass with extra fruit and our mini surprise, a slice of cake with candles at the end of dinner). This guy was nothing short of AWESOME! PROPS TO YOU SIR! Onto the food...The sangria pitchers on Mon-Wed are $20 (they have around 6 or 7 options to choose from flavor wise). We tried the champagne sangria as well as the mango flavored one. The mango was more on the sweet side while the champagne was perfect for me, not too sweet or strong. For 3 girls, two pitchers was more than enough! As for the tapas, they have two options: tapas and regular size. We did 6 tapas and 2 regular sizes, which was a lot more than we originally decided to order, but we somehow managed to finish it! A few favorites: Churrasco (skirt steak) - cooked perfectly and had a side of their own version of chimichurri sauce(ask for extra!) Mussels in paprika sauce - the sauce was amazing!!! We did not allow him to take away the sauce after we were done with the mussels and ate the entire thing of free bread soaked in this very sauce, haha! Shrimp in garlic sauce - We all loved this one too, and my friend kept saying "I cannot believe I just dipped all the bread in oil and garlic sauce". It was really THAT good! Oxtail - tender and juicy! A recommendation that was def on point if you enjoy oxtail as much as I do. A nice and cozy spot that I've heard has some type of music show on Fridays. Probably best to avoid it if you're planning to talk a lot!
5467	7	2013-12-05	The good: -- free flamenco show on Thursdays and Saturdays at 8pm and 10pm -- delicious food -- amazing sangria choices -- good location in the trendy East Village The bad: -- can get crowded during flamenco shows -- forget to have a conversation during the flamenco shows -- service can be average (a bit slow at times) -- can get expensive, but not too expensive
5468	7	2013-12-04	This place is lovely! The staff is super friendly, and helpful. coconut crepes stuffed with shrimp: this was probably the best thing we ordered. anchovies served over toast with fresh minced garlic: after reading the Serious Eats review: †newyork.seriouseats.com/Ä¶ we decided we had to order this. Neither of us have ever tried anchovies, we may not order it again-I think we're just not anchovy fans. fried goat cheese over a slice of tomato & toast wrapped in imported Serrano ham: how could this not be good? Serrano ham croquettes: this was a favorite stewed meatballs in a brandy sauce: again, Serious Eats raved about this and it was very good. The sauce is delightful with bread.
5469	7	2013-11-20	Whenever I have someone visit me from out of town, I bring them here. The staff is great. Very friendly and attentive. The menu is amazing. Lots of variety, fresh tasting, savory, and not too expensive. They have specials on the sangria (many kinds) and a large beer list. I've gone without a reservation, but it takes a second to make one through this site. Even the olive oil they give you with the free bread is delicious, and I loove olive oil.
5470	7	2013-11-18	5/5 stars for me. What a place! A definite must go to on a Thursday night or Saturday night. Bring a date, bring a friend, bring a grandparent, bring a stranger! 8:30 and 10:30 on both nights they have Flamenco dancing with Reynoldo Rincon and his family (wife, son, daughter). They do two shows while everyone is eating and talking at their table and it is electric. The traditional dancing, the atmosphere, the energy. Now, to the food! The waiter, Julio, was a huge help. As a group of 4 men he suggested we get 8 tapas. We selected 2 each. I won't go through them all but they ranged from octopus to sardines to serrano ham croquettes to goat cheese stuffed olives. Julio was upset we didn't two of the best sellers (shrimp in garlic sauce and a churrasco with quail egg), so he brought them out anyway. †UNREAL. We had a few pitchers of red sangria and some after dinner traditional sherry. What an experience. Don't think this is a seafood place only, there are plenty of non-seafood tapas to try. Sit at the bar, get a table, just make a reservation! Until next time.
5471	7	2013-11-14	3 for food and 5 for atmosphere and energy and if my math is still sharp - SOLID 4 stars Must get here for a flamenco show on Thursday or Sunday. †They start at 8:30 or 10:30 so make sure to book in advance because it is as original as it comes (visited Madrid and exactly the same). 10 or so different tapas but the ABSOLUTE must order is the ostrich egg with sausage tapa. †The churrasco was also tender and excellent. †I unfortunately cant remember the others but all relatively good. †Finished off the meal with a couple of light desserts (coconut flan and chocolate cake), maybe they weren't the lightest haha, but you can't go wrong with any of them. Will certainly be back!
5472	7	2013-11-12	I went to Nai this past Saturday after I had booked a reservation for 4...for Sunday - ouch! †The host (David) handled the situation as perfectly as you could ask for. †He discretely informed me that I had booked for the wrong day as to not embarass me in front of my party. †Then, he gave me the option of waiting to see if he could find us a space at the bar or come back another time. †After about 10 minutes, not only did David get us a space, he got us a full table. †The place was packed so I don't know how he did it, but he pulled it off. After the phenomenal service from David, it continued from our server as well. †He was patient with our group as it took us a little while to figure out everything we wanted to order. †He was knowledgeable about the menu when asked, and paced the meal just right. Amazingly, the food was just as good as the service! †We ordered about 6 different dishes each one better than the last. †The empanadas were amazing! †When it was all said and done, the bill came to about $130, extremely affordable for 4 people including 2 large pitchers of sangria. I never Yelp but because I had such an incredible experience at Nai, I felt the need to share. †I will certainly be back soon!
5473	7	2013-11-10	Great food. We were in a large group and had a blast. Pulpo a la gallega was my favorite.
5474	7	2013-11-05	The food, atmosphere, and drinks give this place an easy four stars. The service bumps it up to five. The staff did an incredible job making out-of-town guests feel comfortable with ordering tapas, and were extremely attentive on both drinks and food. Love this place!
5475	7	2013-11-03	So glad I just found a new favorite! I decided to go to dinner for my birthday last Friday for my birthday and arrived with a group of 10. The manager was so accommodating and the service was great. A friend brought cupcakes for dessert and the staff refrigerated them until we were ready and did not charge an additional cake fee. The food was delicious, and very authentic. My favorite was the chicken croquettes but I enjoyed everything we ordered. There are six flavors of sangria and we sampled 4 of the 6, all really good! Since we went on a Friday, I missed the Flamenco show but I will be back soon!
5476	7	2013-11-03	A breath of fresh air aming all the overpriced tapas places in the city. Nai is what a real tapas bar should be. Good assortment of tasty small plates, laid back atmosphere and friendly waiters. The food and ambiance reminded me of the tapas bars in Spain. It's not refined or anything, but simple, flavorful and artery clogging. Great place to meet friends and shoot the breeze. Recommend the chorizo rojo, gambas ajillo, manchego & jamon, setas and last but not least a giant pitcher of sangria.
5477	7	2013-10-31	Wow! Number one tip for this place: Go here on a Flamenco night and request a table in the dining area to see the flamenco show. †The flamenco show itself makes this place 5 stars. †The food on the otherhand is a measly 1 (wah wah wah...). †I think my favorite food there was the olive oil that came with the bread, but the flamenco and the service is so worth going for. My boyfriend took here for our anniversary; it was an amazing choice. †We reserved a table for the second flamenco show of the night and arrived to an extremely packed restaurant. †We had reservations for 10:15 and didn't get seated more towards 10:45 or 11:00. †It was kind of crazy 'cause there was a large party and they had to kick other people out to accomodate those who had made reservations for the show. I wasn't entirely too happy 'cause we got seated behind another table but it worked out perfectly in the end. †Once the music started, it didn't matter where I was in the restaurant. The guitarist spoke oceans of emotion with his hands that elegantly strummed his guitar endlessly throughout the night while the flamenco dancers casted their feet to the beat of the music as they spun and twisted their bodies around stage with vigor. Aside from the music/flamenco, we ordered the tapas that Yelp reviewers said were their favorite and ordered a couple of half pitches of sangria. †The sangrias we got were both good. †The servic was slow but our waiter was so friendly and nice so I didn't mind. †Plus, there was a †really large party so I understood. †We got an octopus dish, meatballs and empanadas (a seemingly safe choice) but they were all pretty terrible/over salted. †I could tell they used good ingredients but something just went wrong in the kitchen, multiple times. †However, flamenco was so good it was really easy to overlook the bad food. I just know for next time not to order food here. In summary-- ultimate power play-- Have dinner beforehand at someplace with better food, come to Nai Tapas Bar for the flamenco show and orders lots and lots of drinks like Sangria to experience the flamenco and the friendly, awesome service.
5478	7	2013-10-29	This place is fantastic. My friend and I came here last night for tapas and left happy (and mildly drunk from the brandy soaked apples we consumed in our $20 sangria pitcher). The service was excellent in that they were very attentive but not hovering over us every 2 minutes. Every dish we had was delicious and made with quality ingredients. I believe they also have live flamenco music on Thursdays and Saturdays. I will definitely return!
5479	7	2013-10-28	Amazing Tapas Restaurant in East Village!! Been twice already and i cant wait to go this weekend. Made a reservation for the flamenco saturday night show and it was spectacular! Awesome food, the goat cheese balls, crepe with seafood and the ground beef pocket bites are to die for!! Service really friendly and courteous!! Music and show something else. Looking forward to go again!!
5480	7	2013-10-28	Best sangria ever the food is amazing I love this place the service is great plan ahead and make reservations. †The flamenco show is awesome tho the guitarist is kind of freaky but he can play is A$$ off. †The food is amazing except the squid on its own ink that's just not for me but everything else is great. †GO!!!!!!
5481	7	2013-10-27	Fun and lively place! There was a 30-45 minute wait on a Saturday night which wasn't so bad. I would recommend making reservations if you can plan ahead. My favorite items are still the blood sausage and coconut flan. We also tried: Shrimp in garlic sauce: The garlic sauce was amazing. We dipped everything in that garlic sauce (our skirt steak, octopus, everything). The shrimp themselves were okay. Churrasco: The skirt steak was pretty bland and chewy. The dipping sauce was too tangy. Wouldn't order again. Octopus: After having the best grilled octopus at Marea the night before, I was really disappointed with the bland boiled octopus here. Mussels in paprika and wine sauce: Very good! The mussels were so tender. Mango sangria: Very refreshing. Tasted like white wine with a hint of mango. Even though our waiter recommend 6 plates for 2 people, we were already stuffed with our 5 plates! Next time we are going to order 6 plates of blood sausage and leave extremely happy.
5482	7	2013-10-24	Came here for dinner with a group of 8 friends. Food was GREAT! Their tapas portions are a good size. I did not feel ripped off like certain tapas places that serve 2-3 bite size pieces on a plate and charge you $20 for it. Out of the 8 dishes we ordered, I definitely recommend their chicken croquettes, patatas alioli, braised oxtail, chorizo over toast with quail egg and manchego cheese, and piquillo peppers stuffed with salted cod. The skirt steak was good, but nothing i've never had before. Their mussels in paprika wine sauce was decent...but the actual mussel was kinda small. We also had their berry pomegranate sangria and mango sangria. They tasted great...especially the pomegranate. All in all, the bill was $34 per person. Great price, great food. The only thing we didn't like was the loud flamenco performance, I lost my voice talking over the music and loud noise. Other than that, the restaurant is definitely worth checking out.
5483	7	2013-10-21	My girlfriend and I had a great experience at Nai Tapas including a tasty set of small plate tapas and Flamenco dancing!! †The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. We first started off with the braised oxtail and seafood croquettes. †Both dishes had tremendous flavor and provided a good start to a great evening. †Then came the meatballs, chorizo, and patatas aioli dishes. †All three lived up to the same quality. †The beef empanadas came next. †A delicious classic course that we both enjoyed. The next course was the calamari. †This was probably the least favorite dish of the evening. †We both enjoy sauteed calamari but this lacked the flavory taste of the previous dishes. †However, the shrimp and garlic and skirt steak dishes more than made up for the disappointment of the calamari. †Both dishes had a flavory taste that satisfied our appetite. †The tasty dishes also came with complimentary entertainment of flamenco dancing which really created a great atmosphere for dining. †Overall, it was a tremendous evening of food and entertainment!
5484	7	2013-10-20	I was just here again last night for my best friend's birthday, and I cannot put into words how amazing this restaurant is. For service, I would give 10 out of 5 stars, and for food, I would give 9 out 5 stars. It's just that good!! Everybody -- especially Uno, by whom I was served most times I'd visited -- is super duper friendly and caring, and you can just tell that they actually enjoy working there (if not, they're insanely good at hiding it). I brought a homemade cake to celebrate my friend's birthday and asked if it'd be okay for us to eat it after our meal. At first I was worried that they would frown upon it, but on the contrary, Uno was so nice about it, kept the cake in the kitchen until we finished eating and brought it out with a lit candle. He then cut it into slices for us and even packed up the leftovers and washed the plate I brought! We left one slice for Uno (with a generous tip, of course) as a token of our appreciation :) As for food, get the coconut crepes with seafood filling. These will SERIOUSLY change your life and also go great with any of their sangrias (my favorite is tropical). Chorizo con cebollas is also great, as are the meatballs. I've already been here many many times, and that says a lot for me because I rarely ever go to places I've been before. Will DEFINITELY return soon. foodcomalogs.blogspot.coÄ¶ foodcomalogs.blogspot.coÄ¶
5485	7	2013-10-06	i've definitely had better tapas but i can't complain. it could be a lot worse. had an early dinner there and it was very very empty! but i have heard that it does get crowded due to the flamenco dancing later in the evenings. i'd have to say the little chorizos are delicious
5486	7	2013-10-03	the meat and cheese platter - †the meat being cheap pizza topping and the cheese was like the inner sole of a converse all star bought on the bowery in 1941 . the rioja was similar to carlo rossi mixed with chateau diana .. the waitress asked us if our food was good before at had even arrived !!! this place sucked . big time . hasta la vista .
5487	7	2013-09-22	Went here last night for my girlfriends birthday. We both live in NJ and decided we needed a night out in the city and through going through a couple of friends, I opted to take her here. †The food and the sangria were both unbelievable. †There was a little bit of a wait which was totally understandable for a Saturday night. †But we bellied up to the bar for some red sangria which was perfect. †When our table was ready out waitress was fantastic, suggesting some shrimp only based seafood tapas and a few other big sellers. †Everything was prepared fresh and delicious. †The icing on the cake, everything including tip was 105. †Perfect night in the city.
5488	7	2013-09-21	We stopped by before heading to our dinner spot for happy hour. †$5 for a glass of sangria $10 for half a pitcher. We asked the bartender what to order and she recommended the blueberry champagne sangria and it is indeed the best sangria I have ever had . †She recommended about four or five tapas items and we ended up with the mussels with white wine sauce. †Must say these were scrumptious . † It felt like I was in Madrid again! We dipped the bread into the sauce til it was all gone. We will definitely be back again!
5489	7	2013-09-17	Nice food, great live flamenco music. †Get's crowded with long waits and limited seating right before shows so recommend showing up earlier.
5490	7	2013-09-14	I came here at a recommendation of a coworker who couldn't/wouldn't stop raving about this place. †He's been here couple times and each time he would show me pics of the food he and his friends had ordered. †And I must say, the pictures looked amazing. I came here full of expectations a few weeks back on a date night w my bf. †I knew I was coming in on a night where there was no flamenco performance so I was counting on the food to deliver. We ordered 5 dishes. †Only one was outstanding... the others were edible, I suppose, and one dish was outright disgusting. The shrimp and garlic sauce was the best I've tasted in NYC. †Hands down that dish was the highlight of the dinner. †We also ordered blood sausage (i'm adventurous and I was trying to get my bf to be as well). †The dish came with two tiny baguette slices with even tinier halved blood sausage smaller than the size of my ring finger (my fingers are short and thin). †It didn't taste bad b/c I couldn't taste anything the thing was so tiny!! †The potato with paprika was good. †And I don't recall what the fourth dish was, but I vividly remember the disgusting pepper stuffed with salted cod. †On the menu there were two ways the stuff pepper can be served; with salted cod or with cheese. †I thought the server had brought us the one stuffed with cheese instead of the cod we ordered b/c the stuffing was creamy (liked instant mashed potatoes but cheesy tasting). †He insisted it was the cod, so I have to take his word for it it wasn't the cheese one. †Whatever it was, I couldn't bring myself to take another bite after the first bite. †My bf just assumed baccala tasted like that. †Seeing as I've never had baccala, I couldn't attest to its taste but the thing that was stuffed inside the peppers was nasty. †Ugh. †And the waitress said this was her favorite dish, too!! †I felt cheated somewhat. †But she was very nice and the service was good. †Though I doubt we'll be back here again. Back to Las Ramblas for my tapas!!
5491	7	2013-09-12	I absolutely love this place! It is cozy. The service is unbelievable! And every single dish we ever ordered has been awesome!
5492	7	2013-09-11	Years ago, on a search for tapas bar flamenco, we were directed multiple times to Xunta (yelp.com/biz/xunta-tapasÄ¶). Unfortunately it closed before we got around to it, but Nai opened (literally) in Xunta's place in 2010. Two bits of advice to help you enjoy your time here: 1) Come on a flamenco night. 2) Come on a flamenco night. Nai does the same flamenco shows as Xunta: Thursdays and Saturdays, 8:30pm and 10:30pm. Tables are empty until JUST before flamenco starts, at which point people swarm in. If you have no reservation, your best bet on these nights is to try to snag a table between sets, around 10pm, when service has geared back up and some parties are leaving. Otherwise, you don't want to be one of the unhappy masses huddling at the entrance, lining the wall, staring gloomily into the merriment inside. Try somewhere else. We arrived early with the intent of taking our sweet time with dinner and drinks - a good idea since service is slower during the show. The red sangria was pretty good! I like the half pitcher option (tip: it's the size of a regular pitcher at Las Ramblas yelp.com/biz/las-ramblasÄ¶). They also have 5 other flavors (white, mango, etc.) for you sangria heathens. As for food, racions (the next size up from a tapa) of oxtail and pan tumaca arrived at our table promptly. The pan tumaca (a.k.a. pan con tomate) is served with slivers of serrano ham and was great. The oxtail was beautifully tender and not at all difficult to eat since it fell off the bone so easily. Typical tapas, like patatas (bravas or alioli) and chorizo a la plancha, are skippable. The patatas were just not that good. The chorizo was very salty, and I was befuddled that the raw egg yolk placed on top was fully cooked on the bottom, as if they had fried an egg and snipped off the whites prior to plating. ?? Our waittress also recommended a new dessert - basically beignets with blueberry goat cheese, and it was absolutely lovely. At this point we were horribly stuffed, and just looking for excuses to stay for the rest of the flamenco... ...which was excellent. Holy vaca, such duende!! Flamenco is more of a furious, passionate spectacle than it is a sexy dance, and the three dancers went all out. You could really feel the rapport between them and the guitarist. There were a few birthday parties in the room and to everyone's amusement, the birthday women + man were called out at the end for an impromptu flamenco lesson with one of the dancers. It was kind of hokey, but you can imagine this makes Nai a perfect place for large groups. Everyone in the room was in a great mood, and the flamenco really contributed to the positive energy. Maybe the sangria helped a tiiiiny bit. Last but worthy of note: Our waittress was super amazing. Friendly, full of recommendations and knowledge about the menu... She appeared exactly when we wanted something, but never hovered. On top of the fact that Nai is a reasonably priced tapas bar with great sangria and really fun flamenco shows, the awesome service was really the icing on the cake (or, the alioli on the tortilla?).
5493	7	2013-09-08	Relaxing atmosphere, great service and amazing food at reasonable prices. By far the best tapas I've had to date. Having visited Barcelona and eating my fair share of tapas and sangria while there I can say it truly makes me feel like I'm back in Barcelona. The croquetes de jamon are a MUST !
5494	7	2013-09-08	Good Lord! †7 for tapas, make a reservation. †Always make one for huge groups! Flamenco performance transported you to the streets of Barcelona where dreams are made of Rioja and Serrano Ham. †Casual and homey. †Get inebriated on culture and a myriad of fruity sangrias. †Paella, Tortilla Espagnola, Croquetas de Jamon, Pulpo a La Gallega, Gambas al Ajillo, Mejillones Rias Baixas- Winners at our table. †Bread flows like wine, so you can get your sauce on. Escargot was a little goopy and all I tasted was garlic-but whatever. Empanadillas de Atun- Amazing. † Great Service, they understood my terrible muddled Spanish and didn't shrug me off like a gringo. †The service was rapid and attentive. Beware- if you tell them its your birthday, guess who's dancing with the Flamenco dancers....Do you even lift?
5495	7	2013-09-07	Meh. It's all right. I think the best thing about this place is that its GREAT for groups. If you are looking for a decent place for a group dinner this is the place to go. We ordered a bunch of things on the menu, theyre all pretty average. The only thing that pops out are the weak Sangrias... weak... I should reference this at my next AA meeting.
5496	7	2013-09-01	Service - Good. Held our reservation after I told them we were coming late. We were still able to get the happy hour special when the clock hit 7. Mango Sangria - Light and tasty. The waiter recommended mango and blueberry sangria as the lightest sangrias. Still enough alcohol to make some of us (not me) red. Esparragos Navarros - White asparagus with pink sauce. It was definitely more tender and bigger than normal asparagus. However it is quite expensive - the large has only 4 pieces. It's something you would try once for novelty and not again due to the price to food ratio. Mejillones Avoa - Mussels in paprika wine sauce. It was a bowl of many small mussels as opposed to a few big ones. Sauce is perfect for the mussels but too salty for dipping bread in. Tasty and pretty good deal for the small size we ordered. Churrasco Arriero - Skirt steak. It came medium-well done. A little chewy but it was still good and flavorful. Not a fan of the dipping sauce though - mango salsa? Didn't really go with the steak. Tabla De Quesos Y Embutidos - Assorted cheeses and cured meat. It was alright. Chorizo and potatos - I forgot the dish name and it's not listed here. The chorizo and little diced potato pieces were equally tasty. I want more! Overall pretty good food and I would definitely come back another time to check out the many other menu items and sangria flavors.
5497	7	2013-09-01	Great tapas place. Check out the pulpo a la gallego, really good. Usually crowded. Service is very good as well (nice staff). Good spot in the east village.
5498	7	2013-08-29	It was a great experience. The bartender was fun to talk with, she said she was from Zaragoza and very cool. She recommended me great drinks. The waitresses were very cool and you can have tons of fun with. The food was ok. The environment was wonderful!
5499	7	2013-08-22	I really like this place, it has a very casual and homey feel inside. My friends and I were seated at a table for 8, near the flamenco area (which I'll get to later!). Decor and service were great, so I don't have any complaints about that. We tried both the mango sangria and the blueberry champagne sangria; both were great. Not heavy on the alcohol side, and the fruitiness definitely came through. The tapas were great. Recommendations from our list were the chorizo a la plancha, gambas al ajillo, albondiguillas estofadas, and any of the croquettes. All of the food was pretty good, but prepared to order at least 2 or 3 plates per person; this is a tapas restaurant after all. The real reason we came on this Thursday was for the flamenco. It was a lot of fun to watch, mesmerizing at times with great music. It's definitely not an experience you can normally get. All in all, it's a fun place to go if you're in the mood for tapas, and definitely one of the better tapas restaurants I've been to. They don't have traditional jamon iberico, however, which is something I always look for at a tapas place, but otherwise, it's certainly good, and cheaper than many other tapas places out there.
5500	7	2013-08-22	Enjoyed my meal here food was 3.5 star but our waitress was awesome so I bump it up to 4 stars We came here on a tuesday for their happy hour. Their sangria is truely delicious as the reviews suggested. Really liked the red one and the mango sangria is also very good, but a bit too light/sweet for me We got the Churrasio Arriero which is steak served with red peppers on the side. This one was just ok. The steak could be a bit more tender Patatas Bravas: potatoes in this spicy ketchup. Good but nothing special Croqutas De Jamon: Ham croquette. My favorite of the night. Delicious we also got an order of the mix seafood, forgot the name, it was just all right Overall, a very pleasant experience. The waitress, this African American lady, †was super sweet, nice and professional. She made the whole experience awesome. Will definitely be back again.
5501	7	2013-08-21	Go here for tapas if you can't find another spot and must have tapas or the location is extremely convenient. We ordered their mango sangria and were underwhelmed. For food, we had the croquetas de pollo, skirt steak, mussels in avo sauce, and patatas bravas. None of them were bad but nothing was the best or close to best rendition of anything I've ever eaten. The avo sauce with bread and the skirt steak were probably the highlights of the meal. I make better croquetas at home and the patatas bravas were no where near as delicious as my old favorite, Mercat. The waitstaff was mildly attentive but not up to NYC caliber. I reserved on open table and honored my reservation. Nai marked me as no-show even though I showed up exactly on time. Open table resolved the issue but it was just a bummer that I had to deal with that. No other of the 39+ restaurants I've reserved through open table have ever done this to me so I'm rounding Nai down to 3 stars.
5502	7	2013-08-20	I was in desperate need of a last-minute Friday night dinner reservation for 9 people. I was surprised to see that Nai still had availability on such short notice, so I went ahead and made the booking. Service: 5 Food 3.5 The service here was absolutely phenomenal! I had called several times to change the reservation and they never gave me a hard time. Our waitress was friendly, made great recommendations, and checked in on us regularly. She encouraged us to try a different flavor of sangria ($25 pitchers, yes pleasee), and even offered to replace it if we didn't end up liking it (which wasn't an issue since it was delicious). The food was great, don't get me wrong. The meatballs were bomb, the assorted croquettes were flavorful and flaky, and I definitely recommend the skirt steak. The patatas bravas were a bit too mealy (the potato chunks were just too big to get crispy), so you should opt for the patatas alioli instead. However, nothing stood out or wow-ed me in particular. All in all it was a fantastic experience. The layout and seating was not cramped, the ambiance was warm and friendly, and I would certainly recommend this place for anyone planning larger group dinners.
5503	7	2013-08-16	This place is a reasonably priced tapas bar in East Village that draws crowds with its cheap sangria and weekend flamenco dancing. Alas, we missed the flamenco. Our reservations were too early in the evening but we did enjoy some of that cheap sangria. I feel like we must've ordered the majority of the menu, but the one takeaway was the Pulpo a la Gallega was very very good. Super fork-tender, not at all chewy, I don't think I've ever had octopus that good and at much more esteemed restaurants. In fact, the octopus would probably be the only reason for my return to Nai Tapas. The rest of the food was pretty unmemorable, your standard patatas bravas and croquetas. The Mejillones R√≠as Baixas were the smallest, most pitiful mussels I have ever seen, but came steeped in the most fragrant garlic / white wine sauce. Much bread-dipping ensues. Anyways, it's an affordable tapas restaurant with decent food, and I'm sure if you're on your third glass of sangria and watching a lively Flamenco performance 2 feet in front of you it's a damn good time.
5504	7	2013-08-11	Nai Tapas had solid food in terms of quality, but unfortunately re-affirms my belief that tapas restaurants that are too into the idea of 'tapas' never feed you enough... When we went, there was no flamenco performance, so perhaps we missed out on a key part of the Nai experience. That being said, we asked the waiter for recommendations and consequently got what he thought were the 2-3 best dishes in every major food category. The food was all tasty...but somehow, even with only 3 of us, we only got a small bite of every dish that came by. If you want an 'authentic' experience, perhaps with flamenco, then Nai might be worth considering. If you want a filling, hearty meal though, perhaps consider somewhere else...
5505	7	2013-08-11	Excellent service and food. My gf and I went there and it was a nice surprise. Great sangria and the tapas was really good.
5506	7	2013-08-08	I had a blast at this place! I have reserved through open table for my friend's bachelorette party (4 ppl) at 7 on a Sat night and asked to be right in front of the flamenco performance. Around 2pm of the day I received a confirmation call for the reservation. Nice! So as all of us know that girls take a while to get ready and of course we were late about 20 min. (But I did call around 6:30 to let them know we are running late...the person on the phone was nice about it) When we got there our table was already waiting for us and not a minute wasted we were seated. The portion of the plate was small and if you choose the tapa size instead of the regular size, it's basically 3 pieces to 6 pieces. Even tough it makes a bit harder to split between 4 ppl but our waitress, Jenn, who is awesome by the way would put in one extra for us. I'm not expert on authentic tapas food but I enjoyed our food. We kept the sangria coming and many glasses and cheers were raised. It can be loud but that's expected at this kind of place. So if you are looking to pour your heart out to your date please go somewhere else. The flamenco was spectacular! I never seen one before but to have the opportunity to watch it so closely was sensational. The rhythm and passion coming through the dance is so vibrant and you just want to get up and dance with them. Our super †amazing waitress secretly put in a request for a shout out for the bride-to-be and they invited her to the dance floor! She was so exhilarated to have the whole restaurant cheering for her while she danced and it was the best highlight of her night! Overall, great service, great ppl, great food and it's priceless when your good friend was kissing goodbye her single hood with a loud bang!
5507	7	2013-08-07	My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed this place. We had a reservation and had to wait around 30 minutes. We had just arrived to the restaurant when the manager said our table would be ready in 2 minutes. Just as the 2 minute mark was up, 2 horribly snippy females strut in the door right past us and look at the open table and go "I see our high top awaiting us!!!!!" and walk right over. The manager was extremely friendly and apologized for the rudeness of the girls, offered us a free pitcher of sangria and a spot at the bar while we waited. We were in no hurry so this was fine for us. The place was pleasantly crowded with a good atmosphere (Friday night around 9pm). We had trouble picking out things on the menu cause everything seemed appetizing. We ended up going with the garlic shrimp, chicken croquettes, beef empanadas, meatballs in brandy sauce, and the patatas aoili. Everything was amazing! We were happy with every single dish and it was very difficult to pick our favorite. Great staff and atmosphere, and good food! I'll definitely come back sometime.
5508	7	2013-08-06	Ever since I went to Barcelona, I've been on a search for a Spanish omelette as good as the one I had there. Nai Tapas is as close as you can get! All the tapas that we tried were excellent. I really think you can't go wrong with anything you order here. Not to mention the prices are so reasonable! I came with a group of 3, we ordered 5 or 6 tapas, a salad, and a pitcher of sangria, and the bill only came out to $88! That's pretty freaking awesome if you ask me. The atmosphere is also really nice and cozy, it felt like being in Spain. Bonus - on Thursdays & Saturdays they have a flamenco show which is really cool and entertaining to watch. Also, it was a friends birthday, and they bring all the birthday people to the stage area and give them a quick flamenco lesson - awesome!
5509	7	2013-07-31	i cant stop coming to this tapas bar! certified best meatballs i've ever had in my life! and the sangria is awesome! not watered down or too strong...great date night place with entertainment!
5510	7	2013-07-31	I wish I was as impressed with the food as I was with the service. I had read great reviews on Nai Tapas and I had wanted to try it for a while now. It was friday night, my friend had just come back from her Europe trip and I had lot to catch up wit her. I was looking for a quiet place with happy hour drinks, small bites and good service. We arrived there at 6:30 pm, we were seated right away even though we were still waiting for one more person to arrive. Our waiter was charming and had great marketing skills. We ordered a pitcher of mango sangria. This was our first time trying mango sangria, we didn't know what to expect. But the waiter gave a big go ahead for it. The drink was good, wasn't something i would drink on regular basis, but for a warm weather it was refreshing.We ordered 6-7 tapas dishes. Being a fish lover, i really enjoyed my Sardines. They were fresh and cooked to the right amount. Patatas Bravas, Chicken Croquetes, Seafood Paella, Oxtail were few of the other dishes we ordered. I didn't try the oxtail, but my friends really enjoyed it. The other dishes were just ok, was edible but not delicious . I was a lil dissapointed with our paella. I imagined a paella from my barcelona trip with lot fo shrimps, muscles, squids and clams. But for 17 bucks, the portion was really really small, it literally had 3 pieces of seafood and 4 spoons of rice. Since our waitor kept asking us how everything was, i gave him an honest review for the paella. He took my review very well, promised to pass on the comment to the chef and even gave us a small discount for the paella. We ended the meal with coconut Flan. I liked it.
5511	7	2013-07-30	Nai Tapas is awesome. †Great service, wonderful food, totally priced affordable, and great sangria. †Do you need anything else? †The only reason why I'm not giving it a 5-star rating is because I think Alta and Casa Mono are better, but from a value perspective, this place rocks! †I highly recommend the establishment - be sure to book your reservations in advance as this place usually sells out.
5512	7	2013-07-29	I've had a lot of fun at this place. I came with a large group of about 8 or so and it was a free-flowing party of tapas and delicious sangrias and nobody was wanting for anything. Afterwards, they played flamenco music, so a few of us got going on the dance floor. It's super tiny and not fancy at all, but I have really great memories in this place.
5513	7	2013-07-29	Love this place. Tapas in the city can get very expensive very quickly but this is not one of them. Some of the best tasting tapas items I've ever had, not to mention their Sangria is off the charts. It's on the smaller side so on a Friday or Saturday night there can be a bit of a wait, but hey it's Manhattan what do you expect. Come during the week and you'll probably be seated immediately. And enjoy.
5514	7	2013-07-28	I love this place. Food is great, inexpensive and the flamenco really entertaining.
5515	7	2013-07-25	Solid, authentic spanish tapas. Nothing crazy or fancy, just good food. †And great waiters.
5516	7	2013-07-22	Spent this past Saturday night at this wonderful little place celebrating my wife's birthday along with 15 friends/family. The staff was fantastic. Service was top notch and food was great. We opted for price fixed menu which included a nice cross section of great delights along with various different flavored sangrias. The mango flavor was a favorite. The chicken croquets were great along with the spicy cheese squares, the sausages, curry chicken and meatballs. The entertainment was GREAT. The performers were gracious and extremely talented. The music and dancing were both top notch. I rarely offer reviews, however the combination of GREAT and caring management along with an equally up to the task staff and wonderful entertainment made this night truly one that we will remember with smiles for a long time to come. Anyone debating of where to go for a great evening filled with something different, the debate is over.... this is the place.
5517	7	2013-07-22	Went with a group of girls for a fun night out. It's the perfect atmosphere to sit, drink sangria and try some tapas! We absolutely loved the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria!
5518	7	2013-07-21	This is my favorite Tapas place in the city. My best friend and I love going to Tapas bars and we come here at least twice a month. I have yet to had a tapa that wasn't good and they sangria is amazing. They have so many different flavors. My favorites are the red sangria and the blueberry/pomegranate/champagne sangria. And on Thursdays and Saturdays, they have flamenco dancers. I have yet to go then, because I never plan enough in advance, but I'm hoping to go soon. I highly recommend checking this place out. You won't be disappointed.
5519	7	2013-07-20	I really do not understand how this place has gotten so many good reviews on here or open table, how I originally found out about this place. Our waiter rushed us through our meal from the moment we sat down. Mussels were not good- half of them did not open and the rest were un-fresh and tasted bad. The "spicy broth" they were in was oily. When I told the waiter about the mussels and tried to send them back he took the dish and just walked away. We were charged for them... Egg omelette was very bland. Bathroom was filthy, smelled,hot and floor was VERY unclean. I was extremely disappointed by the poor service and food. I would not go back here. The placed was filled with younger people and young couples on dates.. maybe they just don't know any better.
5520	7	2013-07-14	Service was great, Mango Sangria was awesome, a tad on the loud side but after a few glasses of Sangria, you'll be just as loud. The mussels were cooked perfectly and the price for two after a couple of hours made me very happy. †I highly recommend this place.
5521	7	2013-07-12	Came here for my birthday dinner an had a great time. Not sure if the food tasted so good because of all the sangria we drank lol but I absolutely loved the meatballs patatas bravas, and beef empanadas! I would definitely go back.
5522	7	2013-07-10	I love this place, their mango sangria was a refreshing kick to the summer heat. The dishes are usually pretty tasty, the shrimp with garlic was my favorite. The left over sauce was great to dip the bread with. However, the mussels this time had a weird smell to it. Probably shouldn't be ordering shellfish during hot summer months.
5523	7	2013-07-08	The tapas here are pretty awesome. I'm not sure if it is awesome because they tasted good, or because the servings were so small that everything tasted good. I'm pretty sure it was a mixture of both that made the food taste good. I ordered 5 plates of items that were most popular and of items that looked good on Yelp photos. I shared it with a friend and thoroughly enjoyed every small bite. Their Flamenco show was awesome! If you come here, make sure you make a reservation for the show! It really made my night. The dancers were so talented! They also have pitchers of sangria, loved that as well! Overall, the experience was awesome but thats because a show came with my dinner.
5524	7	2013-07-02	Peeps must be too drunk from the sangria to taste the food here! Yes, it's a fun place. Yes, I was tipsy from the awesomely cheap sangria deal. Yes, I was PUMPED that they had olives stuffed with anchovies-- literally, that's all I snacked on when I was in Spain and the Basque Country a few years ago. Excitement ended at the olives. The octopus, which came highly recommended from our waiter, was overcooked, mushy, and badly seasoned. Also unimpressed by the fish dishes (all overcooked) and asparagus (mushy too). Everything else was mediocre. The service was awesome and they did take a couple items off the bill because we were disappointed. But still, there are tapas places popping up all over Manhattan so I'd really only come back for the sangria and flamenco...
5525	7	2013-06-29	Went to Nai for my birthday with 13 people. They could not have been more accommodating, responsive and helpful. The experience was well beyond expectations and I will definitely be back. In fact, I bet all of my 12 guests will go back on their own. The Flamenco is not cheesy, as some might think. It's a real surprise in an otherwise mundane city of restaurants with no oomph. What to order... Gambas Ajillo - shrimp in garlic sauce - superb! Croquetas De Jamon - Serrano Ham croquetttes - a very nice dish! Croquetas De Pollo - chicken croquettes Albondiguillas - meatballs in brandy sauce- so delicious! Patatas Alioli - potato in creamy garlic sauce Patatas Bravas - potato in spicy tomato sauce Tortilla Espanola - Spanish omelet Churrasco - skirt steak sauteed with spicy cherry peppers and garlic Chorizo Plancha- grilled Spanish sausage Bacalao Frito. - fresh cod loin lightly fried.
5526	7	2013-06-24	Great service. Our waiter was really helpful and funny. He gave us some great suggestions for tapas and all of them were delicious. The sangria there is also quite amazing. We got pitchers of the mango and the blueberry champagne sangria, which definitely satiated our sangria craving. I will definitely be going back soon!
5527	7	2013-06-23	This small tapas bar in the E. village serves up some pretty tasty food. †You walk in, and it looks exactly like a bar with a full bar to your left and various tables surrounding. †The workers were all nice and friendly, †The pitcher of sangria was only $20 and you have 4 or 5 different flavors to choose from, and best of all it was a full pitcher. †We tried around 6 or 7 things, all were good. †Definitely a solid place if you are in the mood for some tapas and cheap drinks.
5528	7	2013-06-22	So these are the times you wish the Yelp stars can be categorized. †First time to Nai this week and it is a really fun place - great young crowd, super-nice/responsive/helpful wait staff, great assortment on the menu, and very decent prices for food and drink. 5 stars for all of that. †Lots of birthday dinners going on so certainly a fun place to come with a crowd. † My only disappointment came with the tapas itself....much of it simply average...definitely not bad...but just average. †Would have like to seen a bit more creatively & sophistication with the construction of each dish instead of layers simply being slapped together. †All the food came quickly so perhaps that was the trade-off. † Likely to return but my expectations have been adjusted.
5529	7	2013-06-14	Great place to eat! †The menu covers a wide range of food (all good). †The service was great and the location is cozy. †I can not wait to go back.
5530	7	2013-06-11	Came here on a Friday night for happy hour with 2 of my friends. We got a half pitcher of sangria for $10 and 6 tapas to share, and they were fantastic! All tapas were fresh and yummy and the drink was great and stronger than I expected! We got here before 7pm when it was fairly empty, but it was a full house by 9pm. The service was one of the best I've had in the city for its price, and it was consistent throughout the night despite the growing crowd. It's a great spot to chill with a small group. I shall be back again soon!
5531	7	2013-06-10	Fantastic service, friendly bartenders, great food and dynamite sangria's. Thursday night they had flamenco dancers that were just awesome. Definitely a regular now.
5532	7	2013-06-06	3.5 †or 4....the staff/service was outstanding, the group we went with all loved the food and we had a great night so 4 it is :) no true liquour which was very sad for the frozen margarita or mojito lover in me ..just beer wine and sangria (delicious and perfectly spiked!!) awesome tapas selections and each one we ordered was a hit! the waitress (jenn i believe) was very helpful! here goes: Churrasco Arriero - steak was perfectly cooked, very juicy and tender with light sauce, enough meat to share for at least 3 people Gambas En Salsa Verde - shrimps were a little too cooked for my liking but the sauce was amazing; good for sharing with like 2-3 Mejillones R√≠as Baixas - all the mussels had some meats in them so that's a relief and it was tasty, good enough to share with at least 3-4 people Patatas Alioli - the big hit of the night in my opinion...very very garlicy but perfectly cooked potatoes! shareable for like 2-3 Salpic√≥n De Marisco - this is that one tapa that you get and dont share because you wanna taste it all! so refreshing and tasty.
5533	7	2013-06-03	Yum. Great food and the sangria.... ay!
5534	7	2013-05-26	Love this place! The atmosphere, service, and the food were wonderful. Double points for the flamenco dancers who danced so amazingly. I would definitely check this place out :)
5535	7	2013-05-23	The Good: - AMAZING atmosphere - Book early/reserve for a table in front of the Flamenco dancing. They have a live show every Thursday and Saturday! - I will be coming back and bringing vistors for the spectacular show. I paid a lot of money in Spain and this was equal if not better. And it's FREE with dinner! - Try the 'Gambas Al Ajillo' - shrimp in garlic sauce from the tapas menu. - The host and waiter were both INCREDIBLY sweet and helpful with the menu and explaining the intracacies of the dishes. The Bad: - Very disappointing food! - I did not enjoy the garlic potato dish - doused in mayonnaise nor the tuna empandillas, however, I did not try enough of the menu The Details: This place is VERY loud if you come for Flamenco dancing (9 - 10 PM on Saturdays at least) so sit further back if you want to have a conversation. But that's Flamenco for you - the heel stomping is incredibly loud.
5536	7	2013-05-21	Great food, especially the croquetas! Fast and good service. Good value for money. Lively atmosphere, although a bit loud if you're planning on talking to your company the entire time. Only thing I'm annoyed at is the restaurant told Open Table that I did not honour the reservation, which my party and I obviously did.
5537	7	2013-05-18	No one was by the door to accommodate new customers. We had to wait and wait until someone acknowledge us. The waitress explained the menu to us basically the whole menu to her was good. Anyways we got the Pan tumaca which was like a bread toast topped with serrano ham & manchego cheese. : this didn't turn out as I expected it to be, it didn't work with one another especially the cheese. Beef empanadas, they called the turnover: I always call for this just to be on the safe side whenever I come to a Spanish restaurant. The meatballs: again a must have in case the other tapas is no good. Pulpo A La Gallega which was octopus sprinkled with sea salt and sweet paprika. This dish was too salty. Pollo Al Ajillo chicken with potatoes in garlic sauce. The chicken was too dry. I also tried their mango sangria. Next time I won't go exploring other sangria. Red sangria is always the way to go. Service was fluent.
5538	7	2013-05-10	Truly an awesome brunch experience. †Beautiful paintings, great latin music, awesome sangria (multiple choices), great food, and excellent service. †I must admin that we were one of 3 tables that were there at the time, so I can't speak to the service when it's busy. †But we had a great experience all around. We tried the following: - Churrasco Arriero - Gambas Al Ajillo (Shrimp in Garlic Sauce) - Pulpo A La Gallega (Octopus in Olive Oil) - Patatas Bravas (their version of home fries) - Stuffed peppers - Another shrimp dish (can't recall) - Two sangrias (red and peach/mango) And all were very very tasty! †Within those, the must-tries were definitely the Churrsasco, Shrimp, and Patatas Bravas. †But they were all good! I would definitely recommend!
5539	7	2013-05-07	Great service and great food! :)
5540	7	2013-04-14	We tried to go for dinner and the show, but the early seating (8:00PM) was full. †Instead we went for the 10:00 PM Flamenco show on Saturday. †Having just come from a very big dinner, we did not order a meal. †However, we soon regretted being so full as the entrees around us (and the reaction of the other patrons to the food) looked great. † The show was fantastic and the music and dancing were both terrific. †I wish the sound system was a bit better. †We were literally in front of the musicians and sometimes it was hard to hear the vocals and acoustic guitars. †That said, it was a great show; very passionate dancing and music. The service was polite and efficient. †We literally ordered a club soda and coffee, but the waiter was all smiles and attentive. †The check was about $6.00, with no cover, so we tipped $20.00 on top of it because we had taken a table for the whole show. We will definitely be back to eat dinner
5541	7	2013-04-14	Happy hour before 7pm!!! :) We got half pitcher of Sangria for 10 dollars.. Their most popular sangria is the red sangria.. I will recommend getting that because you will get more "alcohol" compare to the tropical/mango or other fruit taste.. And I personally prefer red sangria compare to the white sangria.. I came here on a thursday night at 6pm.. I guess it's the day before good friday.. The restaurant was fully book and we can only get seated at the bar.. It's ok because the bartender lady was really friendly.. She recommend us all the "good stuff".. The tapas ("good stuff") - Patatas Alioli potatoes basted in a creamy garlic alioli sauce: It's basically just potato with garlic sauce.. I would recommend to order this as a tapas dish but not a bigger portion because it's pretty filling after a few pieces.. - Clams in spicy sauce.. We dip the complementary bread into the spicy sauce.. We both love spicy food.. The clams is pretty good and I like it because it's not "burning" spicy but you get to taste the flavor I have to be honest.. I was so hungry that I ate most of the food and I kinda forgot what we ordered.. - something with cheese at the back of the menu.. It's one of my favorite.. I am wondering how can I forget.. - some spicy chicken.. I will not comment much on it.. since all I remember was DELICIOUS.. I have to say Nai Tapas Bar is one of the best tapas place I have ever had.. Cheap & Delicious + friendly waiter + good & cheap sangria!! I will return again!
5542	7	2013-04-14	This is place is great. The food is really good. We got 4 tapas for 2 people. The tapas did not come all together but one after the other one. I don't know if they do this on purpose, but it improved the experience a lot. I guess it works if you are sharing all the tapas. If you are not sharing, you might end up eating at different times. We got the following: Gambas En Salsa Verde: delicious and good size. Croquetas De Bacalao: tasty, but somehow small. Only 3 little pieces. Patatas Bravas: Good amount of potatoes. Pulpo A La Gallega: Nice ending to a great dinner. Along all this food, you get (unlimited?) amount of bread will olive oil. The waiter tried to convince us to order one more tapa at the beginning, but these 4 tapas + half a pitcher of sangria (with red wine) was the perfect amount of food. At least for us two. Service is also really good. An on top of this, if you go say a Saturday around 8.30 or 10.30, you get a flamenco show. Pretty entertaining. I wouldn't go there for my birthday, unless prepared to dance flamenco. The place is a little pricey, but taking into account that you get a show and good food, it worth the experience. I'm glad my girlfriend took me here, hehe.
5543	7	2013-04-10	Been to this place twice and it keeps me wanting more. The mussels, anything chorizo, and croquetas are delicious. Service has always been pretty good and the beer selection is what is to be expected of a Spanish place (Estrella). Only had the Sangria once and that was during happy hour (pitcher seemed watered downed). I must come on a Thursday or Saturday - I believe they have flamenco dancing.
5544	7	2013-04-09	My friend was visiting from SF and wanted tapas - though I've never been to Nai, I made a reservations and was glad that I chose this place. Though I didn't need the reservation (the place is pretty empty on a Tuesday night at 7 pm), I've been turned away during the weekend before, so I didn't want a repeat of that. We ordered: Gambas Al Ajillo - really flavorful, garlicky shrimp Bacalao Frito - fried cod, not super heavy, like fried fish is normally Pimientos De Piquillo Rellenos - peppers stuffed with cod - really tasty, one of my favorites of the evening Patatas Alioli - potatoes with spicy mayo - good, nothing unexpected Empanadillas De Atun - also one of my favorites for the evening, tuna stuffed empanadas, really flavorful and LOTS of sangria The food was amazing - I liked everything that we ordered. The sangria was also really good, they had a lot of different types (we tried all) but I think my favorite was still the classic red sangria. The bartender was really friendly and helpful - she made a bunch of suggestions and wasn't pushy at all. I'll definitely come back when I'm in the mood for tapas again!
5545	7	2013-04-08	Atmosphere 3.5 Decor 3.5 Food 3.5 Service 4 So I wanted to get Tapas, and this was the only place I could make last minute reservations for. I arrived to dinner 10 minutes late for my reservation, and my friend was already there. They wouldn't seat him yet, because the whole party had to be here before they seat you (I understand that, that's pretty normal). But when I arrived, no one came to help us out, and when someone came, he helped out this couple that had just walked in right past us and had an 8:45 reservation, and then the server walked away...we waited for a whole 15 minute before someone came and seated us. After we were seated, the service got much better. The servers were really helpful in answering our questions, and helping us make our selections. Further more, my phone was out of batteries, and my friend had a charger, so we asked them if they could charge my phone. They were really friendly about it, and looked for a free outlet for me without a fuss :) The decor of this place is quite cute. Very rustic with wooden tables. Beware though, the wooden tables (at least mine) sloped downwards, so first, my eating utensils rolled in the napkin rolled on the floor, I picked it up, and put it on the table to get the utensils out so I can put the napkin on my lap, and the fork and knife fell on the floor -- how embarrassing. There was not a great selection of tapas, it was someone limited. A lot of seafood, very little meat. We ordered a churrizo, the garlic shrimp which is meant to be good, the octopus, the asparagus stuffed with anchovies and the meatballs in brandy sauce. All in all, food was above average. It tasted good, food was well seasoned, but nothing really wowed me, or left me wanting more. The sangria was great though, we had the red sangria. I like my sangria with a lot of fruits, this one just had a few slices of apple. As a summary, this place is OK . Probably a solid 3.5. I would not be able to give it a 4 though.
5546	7	2013-04-07	Came here after reading Yelpers reviews. It was Friday night, my friend used Open Table to make her reservation. Got there before the end of Happy Hour (Pitcher Sangria special). Haven't seen my friend for a while, started to chit-chat. The waiter came over three times to confirmed our reservation, asked us when we're ready to order. So finally we gotten to order from the menu, which had quite a big selection. We ordered 4 tapas dishes to try, but the waiter said we should get one more dish to be full. Taste wise it was okay, wasn't all too special. The skirt steak came out a bit tough, the octopus was tender yet kind of bland. My friend liked the Proscuitto wrap goat cheese ball a lot, too filling for my taste though. Price wise, was expected for East Village restaurants.
5547	7	2013-04-05	Love, Love, Love, this restaurant! The food is amazing and the wait staff is equally as wonderful. †We have been here a number of times and have never had a bad experience. †Their garlic shrimp is perfectly cooked and tasty. †Their ham and cheese croquettes are one of my favorite things to eat here. †The flamenco shows are awesome. †Oh, and the drinks are priced well and are tasty but pack a punch. †Can't wait to go back!
5548	7	2013-04-03	Very good authentic tapas served in a cool relaxed atmosphere. †Prices are reasonable and drink selection is solid, from spanish beers ive never tried before to commendable sangria served from three barrels set behind the bar. A gimmick, yes, but its a nice touch and it works. †Nice wine selection as well. †All told, nice place to go with a date or with friends any day of the week.
5549	7	2013-04-02	They are only losing a star due to the fact that even though we booked, we still waited 45min for a table. I am new to NYC so maybe this is normal? Other than that, once we had our table, it was amazing! The waitress did a great job recommending food items and they were all delicious. As for the sparlking white wine Sangria, I have no words. The staff were all really friendly and the place has a buzzing, cozy atmosphere. I definitely recommend it...I am now craving Tapas just from writing this review!
5550	7	2013-04-02	Nice selection, great service and tasty food. Can't complain! Chorizo anything rocks. I can't wait to go back again!
5551	7	2013-03-30	This might be my new favorite tapas place. The garlic and shrimp, white asparagus, and mussels were delicious and I couldn't get enough of the mango sangria. But I didn't like the goat cheese with ham - goat cheese is tasty by itself, it doesn't need to be deep fried. The flamenco dancers and musicians were really talented and fun to watch. I liked how they would grab everyone's attention to watch the dancers and then play more quietly so people could converse. The atmosphere is very intimate so bring a date!
5552	7	2013-03-21	The waitress was patient and willing to educate us about a cuisine that we didn't know very much about. She seemed genuinely interested in making sure we had a good experience. The "house red" was on special for happy hour and it was a good value. Would happily return. There are tapas left to try.
5553	7	2013-03-20	Absolutely wonderful! Great bottle of wine! Amazing Tapas! We had: Salteado de gambas, Mejillones rellenos, Pelotollas de queso de cabra, Esparragos rellenos, Churrasco arriero, Solomillo a la naranja! All delightful! Service was great!!
5554	7	2013-03-12	I came here for my birthday. The tapas were pretty good and the waitress was very helpful in picking out the tapas to try as well. We had the patatas bravas, beef empanadas, Chorizo A La Plancha, Tabla De Jamon Y Queso, and Croquetas De Pollo. We also had a pitcher of mango sangria to go along with it. All of it was good They also added a chocolate cake with a candle because it was my birthday! Great Service!
5555	7	2013-03-11	I spent 6 months in Barcelona during college, and ever since have craved tapas and sangria to a dangerous extent. †Dangerous because usually tapas in the United States in no way resemble anything I ate in Spain, meanwhile they cost 1.5-2 times as much as they should. † Thankfully, Nai Tapas is both authentic and affordable, and I am eternally grateful to my friend Aron for choosing this place for this birthday dinner. †The table got multiple pitchers of sangria, and the classic and mango flavors were to die for. †The pomegranate blueberry was pretty good too, but the others overshadowed it. †Also, this sangria actually packs a punch and is not just fruit and ice, so beware! † I would recommend pairing up with someone at your table with similar tastes, because you don't want to be passing plates to an entire table, it's easier to just split a bunch of stuff. †As for †my boyfriend and I, we wanted the authentic, weird-sounding tapas for that Catalan experience. † So. †We got the escargot in garlic sauce, blood sausage, a raci√≥n (big order) of patatas bravas, octopus, and olives stuffed with anchovies. †The escargot was delectable (I mean what isn't in garlic and oil??), the blood sausage was amazing; great flavor and presentation, the patatas bravas were so authentic and crispy, it really brought me back to drinking Estrella Damm in the middle of the day and eating in Pla√ßa Reial. †The olives were good, but they weren't what I remembered, so I'll give them a pass next time. †Really the crowning jewel was the tender, flavorful pulpo a la gallega. †There is no faking this dish; if the octopus isn't fresh, it will be terribly obvious because there is no sauce or other stuff to cover it up. †Our waiter informed us the dish was so good because they only imported Spanish, cold-water octopus, as opposed to South Pacific octopus. †Kudos to Nai for doing it right. † I can't wait to come back and try some croquetas and tortilla! † We also enjoyed the flamenco performance, which was surprisingly authentic as well. †The only thing is it made conversation difficult since it's pretty loud, but I wasn't complaining.
5556	7	2013-03-10	Came here for a merienda of sorts, on a Sunday afternoon (around 4:00). GREAT SERVICE, which I think is still the case, even when we're not the only patrons in the restaurant. The food was absolutely amazing. We ordered the bacalao, piquillo peppers stuffed with salted cod, fried goat cheese and prosciutto on toast and calamari in its own ink, and everything tasted to perfection! The flavor was rich but not overbearing (as should be the case with tapas), the quantity was great (we ordered for 7 people), the texture of everything was just right! We also ordered pitchers of the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria, which I definitely recommend. No complaints here! Will definitely return!
5557	7	2013-03-09	They have six types of sangria! †The blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria was delicious and refreshing. †The chorizo a la rioja and pan tumaca were great. †The tortilla espanola and stuffed peppers were done well, but bland. †The pulpo a la gallega was decent. †Service was warm and friendly. I will go back to try the other sangria flavors and other tapas on the menu.
5558	7	2013-03-03	The quality of food has declined since my last visit. The octopus was too soft and mushy. The spanish omelet was overcooked and I couldn't even finish it because it was so dry. The potatoes with aioli was good. The other dishes I had were not memorable. And skip the chocolate cake. The wine-soaked pear was good, but nothing special. Sucks that I have to find a new go-to tapas place with consistent quality.
5559	7	2013-03-02	The tapas were okay, and would have been much better with some minor changes. I thought the patatas bravas were too soft and should have been crispier. The Pan Tumaca would have been much better withOUT the spicy tomato paste spread on the buttered toasted bread. The Churrasco Arriero - skirt steak was the best and the Gambas Al Ajillo wasn't bad. However, our sangria was watered down. On another note, we came here on a Thursday evening and it was ridiculously loud because of live performers and dancers. We were seated near the front and couldn't see the performers and just heard lots of 'clacking' from the dancers' finger cymbals. They also appeared to be understaffed, with one waiter and 2 bus boys and service was really slow.
5560	7	2013-03-02	Yummyyyy tapas!! 4 people - 9 tapas dishes. Happy hour from 5-7, $20 pitchers of sangria. Who could ask for anything else? Mussels - They were so succulent and moist. The broth the mussels were cooked in had such an intense briney flavor. Typically I'm not a fan of mussels but cooked this way I would order 2 servings of it. I actually ended up taking the mussels out and putting it on the bread after dipping it in the broth. Definitely something I would order again next time I visit. Escargot - There were only about 6 pieces of snail but the garlic sauce the escargot was cooked it - was absolutely divine. If it wasn't so embarrassing I would have totally licked the garlic off the plate. Pairing the garlic with the bread definitely made it all the while worth it. Definitely something I would order again as well. Ham croquettes - It's like a higher level of mozzarella sticks...but even better. There weren't that much ham inside the croquettes but it was so hot and melty delicious you can't help but go for a second piece. That cheese is so good. Goat cheese with serrano ham, tomato and toast - This was definitely the prettiest tapas plate of the whole evening. I'm not a fan of goat cheese but the combination between the ham, toast and tomato helped cut down the goat cheese flavor. Not a fan of the goat cheese but definitely a tapas dish to try if it's your first time. Chorizo with onions - Who doesn't love chorizo? This dish is better than the chorizo with fried potato because there's more of it. The carmalized onions cut the salty spiciness of the chorizo with the sweet greasy onion taste. I also paired the basket bread with the chorizo and it was perfect. Definitely another dish to order on the next visit. Chorizo with fried potato - This tapas dish comes with four pieces. Even though the fried potato did well as a starch base for the oily chorizo there weren't a lot of flavor bursting through it. This is something you can pass - it is something any person at home can make on their own. Patatas Bravas - It is fried potato squares with a spicy drizzle. Every tapas place has it - so is it worth ordering? Probably not. I would like to order another patatas dish though since it is a starchy element (it also helps fill up our stomachs). Shrimp with garlic sauce - One of the best dishes of the night. They gave us around 5-6 pieces of shrimp and the garlic sauce was mouth watering. It had the right amount of garlic undertones but then the broth hits other seafood notes and just elevates the little bowl. This paired with the bread was also a winner. Definitely definitely a reorder! Meatballs - Meh. Meatballs are meatballs. My friend commented that the Ikea meatballs are better. They weren't awful but I would order another tapas plate over this anytime. For sangria, we ordered the mango and blueberry. The mango sangria reminded me of one of the V8 tropical juices but spiked with wine. It was vaguely sweet with a touch of bite (probably from the lemon slices we kept mistaking were orange). The blueberry sangria was stronger and actually didn't really taste like blueberries. It definitely had some hints of sparkling wine because I kept feeling a fizz (probably my buzz). We opted to not order dessert since Venieros was across the street. Our waiter was great - hilarious and picking on us the entire night. We had a ton of fun being sassy with eachother. He gave us this little jar of Hot Mama's Belize pepper jelly that is like a little jar of crack. Just tried it today with fried chicken and it was delicious. (I'm actually going to hunt down a bigger jar of it and smother it with all the fried chicken I can find in the world.) I've never been a fan of tapas since they never seem to fill me up but then again we also had 3 baskets of bread to fill us up and the total ended up being around $35 each with the sangria and it was great. I definitely would love to come back and try their other tapas dishes. FYI - there's only 1 bathroom in the back. ~happy eatings!
5561	7	2013-03-01	Spaniard style food is incredible and if it's not in Newark, its often hard to find a good place in the tri-state area. This place blew me away. The tapas are absolutely fantastic. I had one of everything on the menu (having gone two nights back to back I was able to try everything). For desert, I highly recommend flan de coco. It, honestly, is the best flan I have ever had in my life, and if I could eat flan every day, I would (i love it that much!). If you can, definitely reserve a table when they have their Flamenco performances. It was beautiful and made the experience what it was. The bartender is amazing!! She encouraged us to come back the next night to watch the Flamenco dancing. If you can, sit at the bar! I usually hate sitting at bars, but this bar is soo much fun to hang out at b/c of the bartender. She is the best!!
5562	7	2013-03-01	Great place. Very friendly. Good tapas. Good wine. Great performance of flamenco. Awesome music. I didnt want to leave! :)
5563	7	2013-02-28	So fun! We arrived at 6:30pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed. We managed to find seats at the bar and the service was great. I'm a huge fan of tapas and having recently been to Barcelona, I had high expectations. Nai met those pretty well! Really large selection of dishes that you can get as tapas or raciones. The night was topped off with an impressive flamenco performance by some very talented and passionate dancers. Seems like it would be a great place to celebrate a birthday - the dancers brought up people who were there for special occasion and taught them some flamenco steps.
5564	7	2013-02-17	Cute restaurant but filled with college aged diners. Food was good but not exceptional. Sangria weak. While I had a great night, I dont think I would go out of my way to come here.
5565	7	2013-02-16	It's more like 4.5 stars only because the food is sometimes lacking and their sangrias miss a certain pezaz. † Overall the atmosphere is fun - especially on flamenco nights! †The crowd is happy and the waitstaff all do a good job. †The food is overall very delicious - especially their seafood - SO MUCH YUM! † The tapas are a little pricey - that's really the biggest gripe. But hey - they have a nice location in the east village that they need to upkeep. † I brought many people here, and they still talk about how great this place is!
5566	7	2013-02-14	A fun restaurant, great place to go with a group of friends. Delicious Sangria and wonderful flamenco performance. Its a great place to hang out and have fun. The server brought us another 1/2 a pitcher of sangria for free after to paid to encourage us to stay for the rest of the set. Overall, the service is slow. Not a place to get a quick bite. It is a Spanish restaurant after all.
5567	7	2013-02-12	Food is great and service is friendly. Prices are definitely fair and the Sangria is awesome. Especially the berry champagne flavor. But on weekend nights they get packed because it is a small space. Even with a reservation it is hard to get seated - they could do a better job at organizing their reservations. But we were more than happy to sit at the bar when the reservation didn't work out. Nice spot!
5568	7	2013-02-04	I had an amazing time, the waiter made it all possible, he was delightful and his food recommendations were amazing!!!!!! the only negative thing i have to say is †the person that first greeted me, was not friendly at first but it all worked out at the end and must definately will go back
5569	7	2013-02-02	-
5570	7	2013-02-01	Love, love, love this place. †The most authentic tapas place you can find in NYC. †The tapas are actually things you would eat in Spain, for the most part. †Some things are better than others. †Don't miss the albondigas in brandy sauce. †They are incredible. Native speakers that work there, native chef, etc. †I love that they have tapas/racion portions just like in Spain, too. †Prices are fair. † A must try!
5571	7	2013-01-28	I came to Nai Tapas Bar with a group of about 20 at around 7:15 p.m. on a Saturday. Despite the potential intimidation in numbers during a prime dinner time, that certainly did not show with the Nai staff. They were very accommodating and knowledgeable, and food came out in a timely fashion. The small/large plate option is a great way to try a number of different dishes at a reasonable price, and they were great for sharing. Highlights included the Almejas Diablo (clams in spicy sauce), Caracoles (escargot , already taken out of the shell), Patatas Bravas (potatoes in a house sauce) and the octopus, which wasn't very rubbery like one may usually think when it comes to octopus. Be sure to save your bread to use for the sauces. Two fairly minor nit-pickings in the grand scheme of things deny a 5-star rating from me. While the live music and dancing was quite entertaining and energetic, it was also bit loud, so it was tough to have a conversation with anyone at your table if you were sitting close to it. Also, the staff would combine two small orders into one large order, but since we were in a large group, it got confusing because we didn't know who else ordered the same dish -- it could have been someone 10 people down the line at the other end of the table, and both sides were clueless. If it was a smaller group, combining the two small orders would be a convenient no-brainer. All in all, I'd go again, for sure, and I definitely recommend it.
5572	7	2013-01-28	Croquettes are mostly cheese -- can't tase the jamon (and it's not nice jamon either) Meatballs taste like spaghetti marinara Not what I'd expect from a tapas bar The spicy papas bravas are bland and not crisped well Possible I ordered the wrong things, but there weren't as many options for a person who can't eat seafood. I can imagine going here and enjoying trying things with maybe one or two friends, but we had a big group and service was very slow. Took an hour to get my beer.
5573	7	2013-01-20	I rarely venture into the East Village, so I would've never known this place even existed had my friend not suggested that we go check it out. The inside is pretty casual and nothing special in terms of decor, but it was packed so it's clearly one of the neighborhood hot spots. From the minute we sat down our waiter (Uniquo I believe), was amazing. We didn't know what we wanted so we allowed him to choose 6 tapas plates for us, and he made perfect selections. I still don't know what they were but they were good :) We also ordered a pitcher of the champagne sangria, and it was delicious and packed a good punch. By the end of the pitcher I felt like we had gotten our money's worth. †It wasn't just our waiter that was great. Every waiter and busser made rounds and would check on the other tables around to make sure no one needed anything, which I loved. I would say it's probably not the best date spot because it's VERY loud. It's one of those restaurants where they cramp lots of tables together to fit as many people in as possible, so you're sitting in on your neighbors' conversations (and pretty much on their laps), but it's so loud you can't hear what they're saying anyway. I barely heard what my friend was saying from across the table. I would say that based on the excellent food and exceptional service alone, I will definitely make a trip back to Nai in the future.
5574	7	2013-01-19	My three friends and I arrived on a Friday night with a 6:45 reservation and the restaurant was surprisingly still fairly empty. By the time we left around 8pm, the place was pretty filled... so come early so you can 1) get seats, and 2) get the happy hour drink special (a pitcher of sangria for $20) before 7pm! Having eaten a late lunch and afternoon dessert, we weren't that hungry so we ordered only six tapas plates for the four of us. We ordered: - Croquetas De Jam√≥n (ham croquettes) - there seemed to be way more cheese than ham... or maybe that was just the one piece I took :-/ - Gambas Al Ajillo (garlic shrimp) - the tapas portion only came with 7 pieces of shrimp, but it was very flavorful and one of my favorites - Calamari in its own ink - pretty bland.. wasn't a big fan - Caracoles (escargot) - buttery and yummy, my other favorite of the night - Patatas Bravas - fried potatoes drizzled with a sauce that resembled spicy mayo - Pulpo A La Gallega (octopus) - also a bit on the bland side We also got a pitcher of the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria, which was VERY light and delicious. It tasted like a fruity soda... my kind of drink! Food and drinks aside, the service here was attentive and excellent. We were seated a few minutes before the end of happy hour (7pm) and our waiter didn't get around to giving us menus until after 7, but he let us order off the happy hour drinks menu anyway. My friend had also bought a slice of cake that she wanted to take home, so they let her store it in the fridge until the end of dinner. 5 stars for service! Overall, it's a good place to go with a small group of people, and I'd definitely return for sangria during happy hour!
5575	7	2013-01-15	Best kept secret! My new favorite tapas bar. - Mussels with paprika: a large serving of deliciousness - Hangar steak: tender and cooked well. Even the small portion is nicely sized! - Coquettes with ham: a solid croquette. Not as good as Spain, but it'll suffice and I usually order it - Escargot: AMAZING! I really didn't know what to expect since I didn't have escargot in Spain but the snails were the perfect size and the sauce was amazing! - Chorizo with onions: Good Pitchers of sangria are $20 during happy hour. (I prefer the red) Can't beat that. Love this place!
5576	7	2013-01-14	Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) First thing that I have to say is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING service (very friendly, courteous, and apologetic when it got crowded and service slowed down a bit) 2) Food is decent (Not spectacular, but pretty good) 3) Not too pricey $50 per person includes (10 large dishes + sangria pitcher + tip split between 6 people) 4) Fantastic live Flamenco + spanish guitar on the weekends 5) Sing happy birthday 6) Lively, boisterous, and fun atmosphere 7) A gem in a hit or miss neighborhood Cons: 1) Food wasn't mind-blowing or anything new 2) Definitely need reservations on the weekend or you'll be waiting a while
5577	7	2013-01-06	A fun little restaurant that has great live flamenco performances on certain nights. It can get very crowded and reservations are recommended, but the three of us were eventually able to sit at the bar after a bit of a wait. The bartenders were very kind and helpful. Start off with a Moritz, a sweet and malty beer from Barcelona. It packs a lot more flavor than Estrella, another Spanish beer. Unfortunately, the tapas were not as good as the restaurants I went to in Barcelona. Not that I should expect the exact quality, but they were off by a decent amount and the prices were a lot higher too. The patatas bravas are supposed to be crispy with a creamy aoili and spicy red sauce. Instead, these were soft, soggy, and covered in what tasted like ketchup. They unfortunately did not have the simple pan con tomate (bread with crushed fresh tomatoes). The pan tumaca (bread with tomato, serrano, and machego) was good, but a really small bite. I would recommend squid in ink as mopping the sauce up with bread was probably my favorite part of the meal. The Spanish omelette stuffed with potatoes and onions was quite filling and a good pick as it's hard to get full on only small tapas plates. In the end, it was $30 with a beer and we all walked away stuffed. Not the great tapas meal, but worth a try if you're really in the mood. It at least has an atmosphere to it and is a good place to bring a date.
5578	7	2013-01-06	So apparently this is the place where all the Spanish people go to have traditional Spanish tapas...or so I was told. †I guess this makes sense, because when we walked in and tried to order, everything was already out for the night - the waiter just shook his head and said "there were a lot of Spanish here tonight". †He may have said "Spaniards", but i suspect my mind changed it to "Spaniards" and I fear my mind can be a little racist without my knowledge, so in case "Spaniards" is a derogatory term, I'll have to assume he didn't say it. Now that that's out of the way. †The best thing about this place? the atmosphere is ADORABLE. †If you don't care about food quality, this is a fantastic date place. Amazing. you walk in, and you initially become skeptical because it's "garden level" which, as most of you know, means "basement". †Gross. †However, the room opens up to this brick-facade-d, dimly-lit, soft orange/red glowing cozy little nook of a restaurant. †Insta-romance, folks. †The place is for the guy who says "i want to make my gal think I'm a little bit romantic and a little bit fun, wrapped in a coating of laid-back." The food we were able to get our hands on (as everything was out) was a meager order of blood sausage (too dry and chewy but otherwise OK) and a greasy dish of octopus pieces. †Sadly, the octopus chunks were all covered in fat and too greasy to get a good grasp on long enough to travel to my mouth, so we left hungry and disappointed. However, the sangria was delicious, the service was great (friendly Spanish man to pop up occasionally when we least expected it), and the vibe was perfect. †Will i go back? Sure. but only to sit at the bar and have a drink with friends.
5579	7	2013-01-04	Went with a girlfriend and waited a bit. Place is small and crowded, but staff are friendly and food and drinks are good. We sat at the bar and the bartender was nice and attentive. They had huge glass jugs/kegs of sangria of different types. Other drink selections were well diversified. Tapas were all good, though I forgot which ones we ordered since we pretty much got one of each. No complaints here.
5580	7	2013-01-01	If you're looking for a tapas bar to chill at with friends, Nais Tapas Bar is the place you should be at. It's definitely an amazing intimate tapas bar that's a must go if you're in the area. Each dish is packed with flavored and the sangria measures the same! This is a good place to celebrate an occasion. The staff is amazingly friendly here & great with suggestions. Everything is also decently priced, which is a plus if you love eating out without breaking the bank!
5581	7	2012-12-25	Had a great time here for my birthday party of 9 ppl. The owner is very professional and a super easygoing, friendly guy who makes your special day as special as it can be. I came on flamenco night and made a reservation 2 weeks before. What was so surprising to me was that I had my reservation confirmed the day OF, via a very nice phone call from the restaurant. The tapas were great. I had a number of their potato tapas, which were so well-flavored - I highly recommend the garlic potato tapas. I didn't like the octopus dish very much and the white asapagus dish was quite bland. Also, I wouldn't get the dish with clams again because it came with about 4 baby clams, but the sauce it was in was quite yummy. The live flamenco band and dancers were a nice touch and entertaining to watch. Oh, and there is a surprise if you are the birthday girl... oh yes, there is a surprise.... OMG and how can I forget the MANGO SANGRIA! SO DELICIOUS! Probably the best sangria in townnn. Get a pitcher, heck get two pitchers!! Every gulp was savory good and gave the perfect amount of buzz.
5582	7	2012-12-20	Ate: Gambas, Cod wrapped with potato, pork loin, chorizo Drank: Sangria Liked: Gambas were good. †Cute space and very authentic. Disliked: Music was too loud and we were trying to talk. †Not their fault, but wasn't our speed. Sangria was weak. Chicken: None! †Chicken haters would love this place! Would mom like it?: †Mom would go up and try to dance with them to all of our embarrassment. Would I go back: Yes, on a night without the live music. Recommend: Gambas Al Ajillo. †That's like the calamri of Tapas places. †And I love it.
5583	7	2012-12-15	Seriously, a great place! Went for my birthday last night and it was just amazing meal. My roommate woke up this morning and she thinks she dreamt of the gambas con ajo. Staff was super nice too. We had an 8:45 reservation and clearly had to call to say we'd be running late. We did have to wait maybe 15-20 minutes for table after that, but the food was WELL worth the wait. Every single dish we got was amazing. The mussels are divine, and you get a TON. Definitely go for the papas bravas and shrimp with garlic. Both excellent and good judges for a great tapas place! Escargot are also to die for. We also got peppers stuffed with cheese and a salad, both solid dishes. The bread is good, olive top notch, and really attentive staff. Also, really good/strong sangria! You can taste the brandy and the fruit is like a shot in each piece. Now I didn't see the bill, perks of the being the birthday girl, but my friends assured I didn't bankrupt them! I can't wait to go back and definitely want to check it out on Thursday or Saturday for the free flamenco show! I'd make a reservation if you're planning on going during the weekend before 9:30, it was packed when we showed up at 9:15 and there was a steady stream of people.
5584	7	2012-12-14	A great place for music and dinner. The sangria was excellent. The tapas itself though, hit or miss, I would ask the waiter for recommendation next time.
5585	7	2012-12-14	The ambiance was great, the food was tasty, and the service was excellent. †We tried the fried goat cheese on toast, patatas braves, albondigas, gambas al ajillo, sliced steak, and chorizo wrapped witth potato. †All of our choices were delicious. †We ended the meal with the coconut flan. We went on a Thursday evening and enjoyed a flamenco show while we ate with great music. †It reminded me of being in Spain. Our server, Unua, was so accommodating and friendly. † We will definitely be back!
5586	7	2012-12-11	Get the blueberry pomegranate sangria, the octopus and the fried goat cheese.
5587	7	2012-12-10	Food is great, been there twice. The Mussels are excellent with great sauce for dipping bread. Skip the sangria...I've had better.
5588	7	2012-12-05	Very good. Dan the owner is super friendly. †Thought it had a great group of patrons. Eclectic mix of people. Not too loud so we could carry on a conversation which we wanted. We tried a huge array of tapas. Only one we didn't care for and the owner took it off our bill despite us telling him it wasn't necessary. I'll be back.
5589	7	2012-12-04	5 stars for the amazing staff and good food! We ordered 8 dishes for our table (2 dishes per person) and all of the dishes were good. Obviously some better than others. I loved the fried goat cheese, bacalao, and shrimp. More than anything the staff was very friendly and accommodating. After we finished our meal they didn't pressure us to leave which was really nice because a friend was visiting from out of town so it was great to catch up. Also get the sangria, you won't regret it!
5590	7	2012-11-28	I was very impressed by Nai. Their tapas selection is great, making it so hard to choose. I tried about 7 different tapas, all were good, but my favorites were the following: Fried goat cheese- Awesome goat cheese balls wrapped in jamon served on a tomato and toast cracker. Pure awesome. It works so incredibly well. Chorizo riojana- Think patatas bravas with chunks of chorizo mixed in. Whether it was a potato or the sausage, every bite made me so happy. Meatballs (albondiguillas estofadas)- Tasty and savory. These came in a delicious sauce which I had to dip the bread in. Seriously, prepare to soak it all up! The staff was great. †The manager came over a few times to check on our table, see how things were going. He was super friendly and even gave us complementary shots of some dessert liquor! †Which I didn't need- I was sufficiently buzzed off the mango sangria. †Watch out, it may taste like fruit juice but it must have a lot of alcohol masked in it. The tropical sangria is also good but the mango was just a tad better. There are also live flamenco shows twice a week. I'd love to check these out!
5591	7	2012-11-26	Great service, in particular Jenny behind the bar. Took the recommendations from some of the other reviews, the shrimp in garlic and the potatoes in aioli were really tasty. We finished off the with the meatballs which were pretty good as well. All in all, a relaxing and enjoyable experience on a Sunday night.
5592	7	2012-11-23	Great tapas place right near where I live. Everything we ordered was great except for the dessert. † We especially loved the skirt steak and ordered a second round! †Make sure to book a reservation ahead of time for Fri or Sat dinner otherwise it gets quite packed! †Will def come back!
5593	7	2012-11-22	I don't usually like tapas places because they're way too expensive and not all that worth it. This is an exception. Came here with a buddy to talk business, and asked the waiter to just give us his selection of his favorites. The guy was awesome, super friendly, really fast with the service, extremely considerate. Turns out that the tapas were REALLY freakin' good! We ordered another round at his choice, and it was also fantastic. Sadly I don't remember what they were, but I would totally bring friends here if they're in the mood for a little tapas action!
5594	7	2012-11-11	Went here for a friend's birthday dinner. †They had a good wine list including 4 different kinds of sangria - white, red, champagne, and blueberry pomegranate champagne. †There is also an extensive tapas menu, which come in bigger servings too. †For four people we ordered 6 tapas - along with the bread they give you - and that was the perfect amount of food. †The food was delicious, the favorites being a fried goat cheese, potatoes in a garlic alioli, and the skirt steak. For six plates of tapas and two pitchers of sangria we each paid $30 something, including tip - must more inexpensive than we were expecting! Plan on going back here very soon!
5595	7	2012-10-29	If I had reviewed Nai Tapas from the very beginning up until when our first plates came out, they would have gotten a 5. While the food was delicious, and the service started out great, I left incredibly disappointed. After our plates came out, our server didn't bother to come check on us at all. Apparently, the group next to us was much more important than my friend and I, since he was over there constantly. We wanted desert, but no one bothered to glance at us. We had to wave someone down for our bill. It was tempting to leave unnoticed. Both my friend and I are foodies and pay whatever it takes to have a great meal (we paid over $200 each at WD-50 the night before). We highly value customer service and therefore tip very generously. I left a small tip (because for some reason felt guilty not tipping at all) with a long note on the receipt expressing my disappointment. Too bad, it seemed nice.
5596	7	2012-10-26	Excellent time. My mom was visiting and she loves flamenco music and wine. it was perfect - we ordered the ox tailcroquetas de jamon and the calamari. Service was great!
5597	7	2012-10-25	This was a great find, thanks to Yelp! Things I loved: The bar tender and manager were great! Amazing service. The live Flamenco show was really fun. I don't know how those guys can keep up that kind of energy. The garlic shrimp and the mussels in garlic, olive oil and white wine were amazing. Get them. Great date place for sure.
5598	7	2012-10-24	I came here on a very random Tuesday night with a friend from out of town after reading reviews of it on Serious Eats and Yelp. Wow, did the restaurant live up to the hype! I had the following dishes: Mejillones R√≠as Baixas (galician style mussels in garlic, virgin olive oil and white wine) - AMAZING!! GET THIS, GET THIS! The mussels were cooked perfectly, but the sauce is the claim to fame. Make sure to ask for refills on your bread basket just to soak up all of the sauce and enjoy it deliciousness. † Boquerones De Zumaia (imported basque anchovies) - Not the best, but an interesting flavor combination. Make sure you really like anchovies. Pulpo A La Gallega (spanish octopus in virgin olive oil, sprinkled with sea salt and sweet paprika) - The octopus was a little too squishy for my taste, but had great flavor. Esp√°rragos Navarros (imported white asparagus with a minced onion and pepper vinaigrette) - This was on the menu as white asparagus with a pink sauce (I think). Nice mild flavor and a good complement to the other dishes with major flavors. Patatas Bravas (spicy potatoes gently coated with our spicy house tomato sauce) - The way I want all my potatoes to be - crispy and covered in a red sauce similar to hot sauce. Perfection. Pimientos De Piquillo Rellenos (piquillo peppers stuffed with salted cod) - So good! That cod is no joke and the flavor was amazing. I took one star off because the service once our meal was over was a little slow, which was off considering it was a quiet Tuesday evening. Otherwise, amazing!
5599	7	2012-10-22	After having been to this restaurant for the sixth time since first trying it in May, I felt compelled to create a Yelp account and write a review. This food is delicious, the ambiance is great, the service and staff are fantastic, and the Sangria is amazing! This particular time ( and many times before) we got skirt steak, cheesy potatoes, roasted pepper and melted cheese on toast, tuna empanadas, beef empanadas, the ox tail stew (special of the day), and the lava cake. EVERYTHING was delicious and well prepared! In addition, we had the mango sangria which was perfect! I've also had a variety of their sangrias and they are all very good! Thank you again Nai Tapas for you very tasty food and your warm service! *GREAT for a group of people or a date!!
5600	7	2012-10-15	I love the champagne sangria here! †It's the perfect summer refresher. †I also really like their octopus, it is well seasoned and the texture is good. †I am not such a big fan of their cheese plate or their tortilla, both leave something to be desired. †The entertainment is great, just make sure you call ahead for reservations!
5601	7	2012-10-14	good tapas, great service, sangria was great, tapas where yummy, i recommend making reservations and its a good place for 2 folks to 10 folks. that is all.
5602	7	2012-10-14	This place is amazing. Food was delicious. Especially the sangria (forgot the name) top notch! The boyfriend and I came early (didn't have to wait) sat outside. †The annoying part is that it's a small street so there was a bum bothering us during dinner (we were watching his spit making sure it doesnt land in our drinks) which made the experience a little :/. BUT the restaurant itself is small but fantastic, can't wait to come here again!
5603	7	2012-10-14	Came here for the first time after reading all the reviews and after a few unsuccessful overbooked tapas bars in the area. Love the atmosphere smelled amazing as soon as I came in. The waitress was super sweet and accommodating. I started with the patatas bravas an croquetas de pollo with a pitcher of the champagne sangria!! One word...deeeeeelishhh. Had a few other tapas. While am over all satisfied the food didn't wow me! Think it would be a good spot to go to if I happen to be in the area not so much one for me to go out of my way to run to.
5604	7	2012-10-10	great drinks, fantastic service, and mind blowing food. †I definitely would come back again!
5605	7	2012-10-05	This place is amazing. Delicious food, great service, reasonable prices.
5606	7	2012-09-28	Generously accommodated our 13-person birthday party (with 2 weeks notice) Flamenco show was entertaining beyond expectation Service stood out as authentic Spanish - friendly, quick, not intrusive We never felt rushed to leave or clear out I recommend getting a dessert from the italian bakery next door if celebrating a birthday (they will bring it out and serve it as if you bought it there) Coming here will become a tradition! Highlights from the menu: Spicy clams Fried goat cheese Patatas bravas Gabas in garlic sauce Pomegranate champagne sangria
5607	7	2012-09-27	i'm just totally perplexed as to why this place is always crowded. worst tapas i've ever had. would expect this caliber of tapas at a mall in rural america, not in the middle of new york city. and that's being tough on mid-america malls. the bread they gave us was stale. the octopus tasted slimy and salty. the patatas bravas were basically Ore Ida hash brown potatoes doused in ketchup and wing sauce. the goat cheese was the only thing that was OK to eat and that's because you really can't eff up fried cheese. the service was great and they gave us a discount on sangria, as well as taking the octopus off our bill after we told them we didn't like it.
5608	7	2012-09-23	I dine at tapas restaurants quite frequently, and I have to say that this is one of the better ones I've been to. Some quick tips: *The Patatas Alioli, which were potatoes basted in a creamy garlic alioli sauce, and the mussels prepared in a paprika wine sauce were absolutely amazing. *Meat was very very flavorful. *The wait staff was outstanding. *The prices were very reasonable. *$20 sangria pitchers / $11 beer pitchers during happy hour. †How can you complain? Will DEFINITELY be coming back! †:)
5609	7	2012-09-20	5 - octopus. Subtle. Tender. Tasted like the ocean indeed. i highly recommend getting this since i haven't found octupus like this anywhere else. subtle - dont' expect strong flavors 5 - ham croquettes. Creamy delish 5 - goat cheese ball w Serrano ham wrapped around it. how can that not be good? 5 - escargot. Loaded w garlic and I'm sure gobs of butter. 4 - skirt steak. Perfectly cooked. Sauce was great, otherwise I make a similar delicious skirt steak at home so i prolly won't get again 4 - squid ink. Really good. I've had better at Tia Pol 4 - chorizo. good. not a must 4 - paella special. Of pasta not rice. must'be been craving carbs after the protein injection 4 - assorted charcuterie plate. I'm assuming this was good since Dave ate the whole thing and no one else got to try any. Thanks Dave. 4 - garlic shrimp. Have u tastes garlic shrimp before? That's what it tasted like. 2 - sangria. Couldn't taste any alcohol in it. fail No liquor license meaning only beer and wine would be my main complaint. Appreciated the service or free pitcher of beer and sangria at the end. everyone too bloated to finish it, but thank you guys!
5610	7	2012-09-18	We went here with a group of 11 , they were very accommodating . The sangria was flowing and the food was amazing. Definitely go if you want a good show and good food.
5611	7	2012-09-16	Four stars for the food: †My friend and I ordered five tapas, and unfortunately I don't remember them but they were all very delicious. †So I expect it's like that for everything on their menu. The three stars is for the service. †It started out great, but they forgot about my party at the end. †There was a birthday party and what it seemed like a bachelorette party (there was a table of all women). †And our waiter completely forgot about us. †Which is sad because that soured our experience. We happen to catch part of the flamenco show, which was great. †But it can get pretty loud in there so I'd only go if I wanted a livelier atmosphere.
5612	7	2012-09-12	I do not give out 5 star reviews easily. I have given out less than 10 while I have reviewed hundreds of businesses. This place has the rare distinction of deserving all 5 stars from me. Everything from the food to the service to the decor was just perfect. The gf and I had been on a weekend binge of popular restaurants around manhattan. The night before, we went to Sakagura. You can find my review of it elsewhere on Yelp. On the whole, Nai was definitely on par with if not better than Sakagura in terms of dining experience. In the past, I had tried to come around 6-8PM on a Saturday but the place was so packed that night I was told I had no chance of a seat without a reservation. In hindsight, it must have been flamenco night. This time, we got there at 6PM on a Monday and were, surprisingly, the first customers of the night. We sat outside and was tended to by Uno, who was a very friendly and helpful waiter. He made recommendations on sangrias and told us about the happy hour specials. $3 beers and $20 pitchers of sangria. $10 for a half pitcher. He had no qualms about moving our whole table inside when it got cold. The inside decor is all wood and dimly lit, creating a nice moody ambience with a rustic feel to it. There are barrels on the wall where the beer taps are. The place is actually quite large for a New York restaurant and you would never expect it looking in from the outside. The tables are also nicely spaced apart and you aren't cramped together like sardines like at most restaurants that try to maximize seats - and therefore profit - at the expense of customer comfort. People began coming in between 6 and 8 and the restaurant was very lively by the time our food came out. Churrasco - the steak was very flavorful and just chewy enough. The garlic sauce is amazing and you just want to spread it all over the bread and stuff your face with just that. Croquettes - we had the jamon and the bacalao, of which I preferred the jamon. It was the creamiest croquette I have ever had with a perfect crispy crust that offered vital contrast with the soft well-whipped filling. Pulpo de la gallega - the octopus by far was the best thing I had all night. So tender and full of natural ocean flavor. How long must they have massaged the octopus before cooking it? I could have eaten two plates of it. Definitely a rare find and the piece de resistance of this establishment. Squid in ink - very subtle flavor that is hard to find anywhere else. I soaked some bread in the ink and it was delicious. Patatas - I had the bravas and the alioli, of which I liked the bravas more. The patatas are cut into very small cubes almost like hash. The flavor gets in better that way. The bravas had a nice spicy and tangy red sauce smothering it. The alioli was good also but had a more subtle mayo flavor. The sangrias - we had the mango and the champagne pomegranate, of which I preferred the pomegranate because I like tangy drinks. The mango was also good except I didn't actually see mango as a component fruit in the drink so it's more likely that they used canned mango juice. In any case, both were good and I was feeling quite well after sharing two half pitchers with my gf who was completely inebriated at the end of our dinner. They also have a fine beer selection including Estrella, Mahou, and San Miguel which we took advantage of at $3 a pop during happy hour. The service, finally, was nothing short of impressive. Very attentive. Super friendly. Never intrusive. We were told we should definitely come back on Thurs and Sat for the flamenco show but to reserve a week in advance as it fills up quickly. The whole meal ended up running us a tab of $86 which is very reasonable for how much we stuffed ourselves. I added a $20 tip which made the total just north of a flat hundo. The sangrias at full price I would think were too much for what you get but I plan on coming here only during their amazing happy hour. Nai is my new favorite tapas place, better than both Pata Negra, La Boqueria, and even some of the arguably more authentic places in Spain itself.
5613	7	2012-09-11	Our group of 3 walked in on a Thursday night around 7:30. They were fully booked but luckily we managed to get seating at the bar after 10 minutes. They have a Flamenco group performing on Thursday and Saturday nights (starts at 8:30pm) so I figured we got lucky. Space was small but not uncomfortable and once the sangria came out, the evening kicked off nicely. Food was mostly 4 stars. The 3 of us got 6 small plates to share: Mejillones Avoa (Mussels in paprika-wine sauce): Asking for more bread to soak up the mussel sauce is a good thing. We had to put in an effort not to fill ourselves with bread. The mussels were cooked just right . 4/5 Pelotillas de Queso de Cabra (Fried goat cheese over a slice of tomato & toast wrapped in imported Serrano ham): We really loved the slightly creamy texture to the goat cheese and the ham had good flavor to it. Came with 3 toasts so it was perfect for us to share. 4.5/5 Croqeutas de Cancalo (Salt cod croquettes): Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with just the right amount of seasoning. Came with 3 croquettes. 4/5 Patatas Bravas (Potatoes coated with spicy house tomato sauce): This is the only dish I didn't like. The potatoes had no texture and the spicy house tomato sauce tasted like buffalo wing sauce. I am surprised this dish got such lavish praises on yelp. 2/5 Churraso Arriero (Skirt steak saut√©ed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers): Better than I expected. The steak was cooked perfectly and the flavors worked well. 4/5 Chorizo Salteado con Cebolla (Spanish sausage saut√©ed with onions): The chorizo had good flavor, that's all that matters. 4/5 In the middle of our meal, the flamenco show started. It was pretty entertaining. I found it pretty amazing that the two dancers and the musicians were performing in what must be the tiniest stage in NY. In general, I find most many tapas places overcharging for the amount of food they put out. The check for our 6 dishes and a sangria pitcher was $78 with t&t (that's $26 pp if your math sucks). For the quality of the food, service and entertainment, Nai Tapas Bar knocks it out of the park in terms of value.
5614	7	2012-09-10	Hot, Steamy Flamenco dance show...waiter make lady happy...food make me happy...win
5615	7	2012-09-03	Great food and good sangria! †Watch out for the old people that get pestered by big groups.
5616	7	2012-09-02	Ratings: Food 1 out of 5 Ambiance 3 out of 5 Service 4 out of 5 Entertainment 3 out of 5 Overall the food kinda sucked. †Nothing really stood out and definitely not a meal I would go back for. †But on other fronts, it was good. †Service was very good (I just wish the food was better). †Towards the later half of our meal, there was live entertainment on their small "stage" towards the center of the restaurant. †The 2 ladies who were performing stomp their feet and clap their hands and dance around. †I am not doing a great job explaining this but it was entertaining and fun for the first 15-20 minutes but then it just got too loud and boring (overdone a bit, the show was too long, it's difficult to carry a conversation while this show is going on because it's so loud and long). I hate rating this place badly because they had such great service but sadly, they just dont hit the mark with the food and thats the whole point of going out to eat...
5617	7	2012-08-30	The service was the bomb. Our waiter recommended the octopus for us, so we got it. We ended up not not really liking it, so we didn't finish it. The waiter gave us a complimentary drink when he noticed we didn't eat much of it. The sangria was fine, but after an entire pitcher, I didn't feel remotely buzzed. Also, it was a little too sweet for my taste. I also tried the meatballs, but they were nothing out of the ordinary. Also, the fried peppers stuffed with cheese tasted just like that. They were okay, but they might have been better if they were made with a more spicy peppers, instead of a red pepper. The service was so great, I feel bad for not really wanting to go back because I have had better Spanish food in the city.
5618	7	2012-08-29	This was the Friday night hotspot with very authentic Spanish tapas. Unfortunately the service was terrible and even though we had a reservation it took them forever to get us seated, get our drinks and even get our food. They were also out of a bunch of stuff which is a little more forgiving since we were there at like 10pm at night. Once the food finally came out it was pretty good though. We had stuffed red peppers, spicy potatoes, meatballs, etc. I thought the peppers and the meatballs were the best but overall I've had better tapas. It wasn't too expensive which made it worthwhile and was close to the karaoke bar we were going to so overall not a waste but I don't need to go back.
5619	7	2012-08-26	This is really 4.5 stars - the only 'bad' thing I would say about this place is that the menu could be a bit more inventive. Its primarily Galician staples and they're done quite well at an excellent price (I realize I'm supposed to be complaining right now) and that's really great but I'd love to see a bit more unconventional stuff and that's not really their style. But what is their style is incredibly affordable, very well executed dishes served up by a highly competent and friendly staff. You can see why the 'complaining' portion was relatively short. We arrived 15 minutes before their kitchen closed on a Sat night and, despite informing us of that, which is entirely reasonable, they then went on to clean off a table for 6 and make it available to us in under 2 minutes. Like watching a nascar pit crew I tell you. Then they brought out dishes quickly and yet everything was clearly just made. Great beer selection including Estrella on tap which is exactly what I needed to go with my octopus, galician style. Will definitely be coming back here - good stuff.
5620	7	2012-08-25	Fun, authentic, and absolutely perfect for any occasion. I am growing to be a big fan of tapas. I just love the format of sharing small plates with friends, so that you can try a great variety of different dishes. Add a pitcher or two of sangria (like the deliciously sweet and refreshing red sangria we had here), and you really can't go wrong with good food and good company. Some notable things I had here that I would recommend: - Gambas al ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce) - Serrano croquettes - Patatas bravas (in the red, slightly spicy tomato sauce) - Skirt steak with garlic and peppers - Chorizo with garlic and onions - Assorted jamon and cheese I also like that Nai offers most of their tapas in 2 different sizes, a small "tapas" size and a larger "racion" option, making it easy to order more or less depending on how many people are in your party. The service here is also stellar, amazing hospitality for a casual restaurant.
5621	7	2012-08-24	Great service and food!
5622	7	2012-08-22	3.5 for the food; adding 0.5 for being affordable. The menu is quite Spanish. I spent 10 days in Spain, during Semana Santa, doing nothing but eating and partying. So I'm reasonably familiar with what the food tastes like there. I have to agree with a previous review that the food is fine but nothing special. I wouldn't stay here for hours spending tons of money sampling all kinds of tapas, like I did at Eslava in Sevilla, where the locals feasted. But, East Village is not Spain. Hence four stars. The bartender on Monday night †is super nice.
5623	7	2012-08-20	The flamenco show was awesome! It was such a fun experience! The service was also really good and the staff are very attentive. I think salt-cod croquettas were definitely the best dish I had, followed by the mussells and then the stuffed peppers. Yum! The peppers took a little longer to come out but I think that's because they take extra care making them.
5624	7	2012-08-16	I had wanted to go here for ages, and finally went last weekend for a date with my husband. †The restaurant inside is very tiny, and it looked like one of the only larger group tables was a high table (kind of annoying). †I was disappointed that the show wasn't on (we went on a Friday). The bartender and the waiter we had (Raul) were excellent - funny, quick, and everything else you could hope for in a waiter. I was let down by the food, and didn't think it was that flavorful in the end. †We had the squid, the anchovies, the croquetas, meatballs and the chorizo. †They were all fine but didn't really taste that good (I've lived in Spain as well). †The one thing I absolutely did enjoy was the tortilla .... delicious (but maybe a bit too eggy for the potato ratio). † This would not be a good date restaurant while the show is going on, it was too loud and small and chaotic (we stopped by on Saturday to check it out). † Inexpensive, but just OK.
5625	7	2012-08-14	I came with a group of girls, which was great because they took reservations. I didn't come during the flamenco show so maybe that in itself is worth another star. The 3 stars is for the food - good but not anything more spectacular than other tapa restaurants. Make sure to get their pitcher of sangria- now THAT is delcious and worth coming for!
5626	7	2012-08-13	Not three stars but not quite four. I'd totally give this place a 3 1/2. A friend and I randomly decided to try Nai Tapas Bar on a Friday night as we were both not too hungry. I have to say, the best thing about this place was probably the service (who even says that about a place anymore?!?). The bartender who got us a table was really nice and our waiter was just the best. My friend was worried about getting a fruity sangria since she's not a huge fan of sweet drinks and our waiter was hilarious and so helpful. He told us a bit about each sangria and promised to give us a cheaper deal on our next 1/2 pitcher if we didn't like the mango. Of course....we loved it! Great sangria that's not too sweet! You have to go for the sangria! The food on the other hand....was just ok. I know it's tapas and so the portions are always small but I guess what we ordered was really small. We both enjoyed the food but it was nothing special. I actually really liked the Squid in Ink. So, on the whole, I'd go back to Nai but maybe just for the sangria and one or two tapas plates. It's a great atmosphere though.
5627	7	2012-08-10	Awesome tapas, sangria, and service. First, the tapas. They were pretty legit and reasonably priced. We ordered the Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs), Chorizo a La Plancha (grilled Spanish sausage), Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce), Almejas Diablo (clams in a spicy sauce), and Pollo Al Ajillo (chicken and potatoes in a garlic sauce). This came with unlimited bread that was crusty and perfect for dipping into the delicious sauces. The clams weren't really that spicy at all (which means something, because I have little to no tolerance for spicy food), which was great for me, but if you're expecting something smoking hot, prepare to be disappointed. The Gambas Al Ajillo were my favorite--large shrimp in garlicky goodness. Portion sizes were pretty decent. There were three of us and we were definitely full by the end of the meal. Secondly, the drinks. There are give or take six different flavors of sangria to choose from. One of my friends who had been here previously mentioned that the red and white wine based sangrias are dryer, the mango and tropical flavored sangrias are sweeter, and the champagne based sangrias are in the middle. They all sounded delicious, so we wanted to get a small sample of the mango flavored one to decide whether or not it was too sweet for us (it was). I expected them to give us a small cup to just take a sip--but no, our †awesome waiter brought us a giant glass to sample for free! Definitely a bonus. We ended up getting a pitcher of the champagne sangria, because it was happy hour and only $20. The pitcher special goes for the whole night, while the glass ($5) and half pitcher ($10) happy hour deals go until 7PM. Third, the service. I arrived a bit early for my reservations (which were pretty unnecessary, but I wanted my OpenTable points), so I sat at the bar waiting for my friends to come. The bartender was very friendly, explained the happy hour specials, and even gave me tips on what drinks to order or not. Our waiter was also so nice (and pretty easy on the eyes haha) and all the other servers made sure our glasses were always filled with sangria and our bread basket filled with bread. If you have questions, they are definitely patient and willing to explain everything on the menu. It was pretty empty when we went (6:30 on a Tuesday), so our food came pretty quickly. Might be a different story on a busier night. All in all, a solid experience. Reminded me of my weekend trip to Madrid when I studied abroad. I'll definitely be going back!
5628	7	2012-08-08	Great food. Great atmosphere and very nice waiter. I brought my boyfriend, which was from out of town, to this restaurant and he thoroughly enjoyed it. The bill didn't come out to be too bad either. And I came on a Friday night so I didn't see the dance show. Overall, I had a great time and recommend it to everyone.
5629	7	2012-08-08	Great tapas experience! The tapas were fairly priced ($6 or so on average) and savory. Everything seemed authentic, from the chorizo to the clams. The sauces were particularly great - dip some bread in and you have a good top-off for your meal. Went around 7pm on a Tuesday, so the palce was fairly empty. The waiters were all great! They gave us an entire glass of sangria when we just wanted to to taste one flavor... we ended getting a pitcher for $20 happy hour, which was a pretty good deal. Seems like it would be a fun place to go back to at night for live music.
5630	7	2012-08-07	Had no problems getting a reservation for a Monday night, and was pleasantly surprised to find they offer $20 pitchers of sangria on Mon-Wed! woooo Dining partner looooved the beef empanadas, and I do agree they were quite good. Also enjoyed the chorizo with onion and the clams in spicy sauce. Not such a fan of the gazpacho shot accompanying a toothpick with olives, beans, and anchovies - it was supposed to be a flavor explosion, but was kind of weird. Was pretty disappointed by the boiled octopus, which I found sooo textureless and flavorless, blech. Ended with the almond tart for dessert. It was decent, but I would rather have taken the money and gone to get dessert at Blackhound around the corner. Friendly and fast service. Interesting that they're still using a paper-based system to keep track of orders. Might come back for flamenco night to see what that's like~
5631	7	2012-07-30	I went here for my birthday dinner because it was under the "good for groups" category. †I also wanted some small eats we could share. †The food was delicious and this is probably one of the better tapas joints I've been too. The wait looked long but we had reservations and sat down very quickly. Unfortunately - I did not realize we were there for "flamenco night." †Unless you are there for the spectacle, I would avoid flamenco night. † Sadly our table was literally against the small flamenco "stage" and the performers even bumped into my friend a few times. †It was SO loud we all lost our voices the next day. The flamenco dancing was beautiful & fun to watch... but I would avoid Nai on flamenco night if you are looking for a quiet spot to chat with friends. †Otherwise - the food was good and the people were friendly.
5632	7	2012-07-29	Love this place! Make reservations, especially if you want a good table for the flamenco show. †Tapas were delicious. †Very close to what you'd find in Spain. †Highlights were: Pulpo - probably my favorite. tender, smokey and delicious Squid in ink jamon and machengo plate Grilled sardines Clams Our server was soo super sweet. †We bonded over Bilbao and his Basque background. †This is definitely a place I want to come back to.
5633	7	2012-07-26	This place is FANTASTIC. I went twice in just the span of three days. The first time I went on a Saturday night with a group of friends. We just happened to stumble upon Nai and went in. Little did we know there was a live flamenco show going on! The show made the restaurant way too loud to have proper conversation, but the tapas made up for it. All of the food was great. That first night we had: -Squid in its own ink (FANTASTIC! Especially if you use the appetizer bread and dip it in the ink) -Caracoles (escargot in a sauce, this was great too) -Some kind of chorizo, which I didn't get to try -Beef empanadas (good) I went again with a friend on a Monday at around 5PM and the place was quieter. There was no flamenco show and there were a lot of free tables. This is the ideal time to go for someone like me, who doesn't enjoy very loud places. This time we had: -Bacalaitos (AWESOME!) -Beef empanadas -The squid in its own ink -Blood sausage (GREAT) -Some kind of potato dish (which I didn't try) Everything I've had here is so full of flavor and well cooked. It really makes me trust †them. But the best part? Their food is always served HOT! I'm the kind of person who needs all their food to be served at a very high temperature in order to enjoy it. I can't stand when something is served cold, or even when it's served warm. Everything I had at Nai was very hot, just the way I like it. The service was also great both times. We didn't have to wait too long for our food, and our waiters were very kind and attentive on both occasions. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. I can't wait to return to try the rest of their dishes!
5634	7	2012-07-22	Great food, very nice establishment and beautiful.
5635	7	2012-07-22	My new favorite restaurant in the entire city. I walk by this place every single day of my life on my way to work, and I have been tempted to try it for months because I am a lover of both tapas and flamenco. Today was finally the day to go, and I arrived at around 9:40pm, asking for a table for two. Little did I know that my lovely friend would make me wait for an entire hour and a half, but the staff was extremely gracious about the fact that they were basically losing money since my table could have gone to someone else in the meantime, instead of having me sitting there waiting... and waiting... and waiting... You guys have no idea how much I appreciate the fact that they were so nice about it and never tried to rush me. Anyway, when I decided that I had had enough of ogling at everyone else's food while my little table remained empty as I waited for my friend, I finally decided to order a few things. First, the gambas al ajillo, let me tell you, this is the number one reason why I wanted to go to a tapas place so badly today, I have been craving gambas for months, and these actually surpassed (by a loooootttt) all my expectations. In the end we (yes, my friend did eventually show up) ordered like three servings. We also had the croquetas de bacalao and pollo, and the pelotillas de queso de cabra with serrano ham. I am still not over how delicious every single thing was. Absolutely fantastic. The drinks are also amazing, the tinto de verano is pretty tasty, but then I had the mango sangr√≠a and I almost died. I still cannot believe how exquisite it is. On top of all that, the dessert was also perfect, the tarta de Santiago, beautifully balanced. Service was the absolute best, David and Andr√©s became my pals tonight, and I am definitely looking forward to coming back much more frequently from now on. The ambiance and music were definitely my style, as I knew every song they played. And, let's please not forget, the flamenco show was yet another highlight of this wonderful experience. This is definitely a place I will be recommending to everyone I know.
5636	7	2012-07-20	This is a cute space. †We sat at the bar, and the woman who was bartending was sweet and also pretty attentive considering how busy they were. †I had the patatas bravas, which were coated in a spicy tomato based sauce - absolutely delicious. †I also had the pimientos de piquillo rellenos with cheese, a breaded fried pimiento stuffed with a small amount of cheese served on toast. †That one was a little oily for my me, but tasted ok. †As a vegetarian, there were a few more options that I hope to try next time. † We had the red sangria. Heaven have mercy. †It was sooooooooooooo good. I only chose to show some type of home training because I was in public, but if I'd been at home (or in the trust tree of friends only) I would have basically put a straw straight in the pitcher. †Pretty reasonably priced ($10 for both of my tapas) and they had a flamenco with live music accompaniment. † Overall, a very pleasant experience. :)
5637	7	2012-07-11	Yet another reason I love NYC. † Walking into a restaurant and being transported back to a memory or a far away land with authentic music and delicious foods. This cozy tapas bar is bookshelved by by beautiful brick walls. Behind the actual bar are kegs of wine for your sangria drinking pleasure. †(Side note for Filipinos: They carry San Miguel$6!!) . Service on a Saturday night at 10:30pm was so so. †Super friendly hostess directed us to the bar as we waited for our table. †Same lady turned out being our server as well since they were short handed that night. †She did it all. †We did have long waits in between being seated, ordering, and being served. †Fortunately the live music and Flamenco dancers were a fun distraction. †(Live Flamenco Live Flamenco shows on Saturdays at 7:30pm & 10:30pm). †Not to mention the pitchers of tasty sangria that kept flowing. †They come in all sizes: by the glass, the half pitcher, and whole pitcher. Very authentic menu. Actual Spanish people eat here. †That's a good sign you found a good tapas joint. †Tapas here reminded me of my trip to Madrid from years back. † All the food had great flavor but was a bit inconsistent at times. †We ordered the Churrasco Arriero -$19(skirt steak saut√©ed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers) and enjoyed it so much that we put in for another order. †Our second serving left us a bit unsatisfied, not as much flavor-as if the cooking process was rushed. †Tortilla Espanola (traditional Spanish omlet with onions & potatoes-$10) †is a must order as well as the olives stuffed with anchovies and potatoes. † Final round up: 4 girls:4 half pitchers of sangria (try all their flavors, all delicious!) + about 8 plates of hot tapas = $40/girl including tax & tip.
5638	7	2012-07-09	I was there last Sat at 7 pm. Our last 2 guests were running late but the host offered to seat us right away. The bread they gave us as we waited was nothing special. The crust was too hard. The olives were tasty though. When the full party has arrived, we ordered a whole bunch of tapas and as well as the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria. The sangria was excellent. Not too strong and really refreshing. I, personally, LOVED the Pulpo A La Gallega (octopus), the Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak), the Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce), and the Pan Tumaca (serrano ham and manchego cheese on toast). So delicious. We also ordered a pitcher of the red sangria- good but i preferred the blueberry. We ordered more food but the restaurant was so busy (don't know when it happened but all of a sudden I noticed it was packed) that we had to wait. And we waited what felt like an eternity. After inquiring about our food, our waiter Raul brought us brought us a free plate of tapas (i think the Patatas Alioli) as an apology for the delay. And then some time after that he brought us A FREE PITCHER OF SANGRIA. What? So awesome!! When we got our bill we thought they overcharged us so Raul very patiently explained each item to us. Not once, but twice. I was cringing inside but he was so friendly, nice, and helpful about it (turns out everything on the bill made sense, we weren't charged extra). We paid and as were leaving I waited for Raul to come clear the table. I asked for his name, thanked him, shook his hand, and gave him an extra bill- I was THAT impressed with the service. Without a doubt I am coming back here again. Oh and I can't believe I almost forgot about the flamenco dancers!! They were fantastic. It really helped create a fun and festive environment. Lol why bother travelling to Spain, j come to Nai Tapas Bar!!
5639	7	2012-07-08	OMG, what a gem. Didn't have a reservation but as I was really in the mood for Tapas, we showed up. David was accommodating although he was super busy running around. The food was great, but now that I look back, everything we ordered was fried, maybe that's why? The goat cheese with serrano ham on toast - yummy ! The kicker was the amazing flamenco dancers. Who would've guessed? Our waiter Raul was super attentive and that just added to the whole experience of a warm, cozy atmosphere. I'm sure the other spanish yelpers can comment much better on the food, but basically I have zero complaints and the bill in the end was another pleasant surprise. "Nai" simply turned a simple casual catchup dinner, into an amazing experience.
5640	7	2012-07-05	"Nai" translates to "mother" in Galician. †As such, the images that come immediately to mind are those of my "Spanish mother", a woman with tremendous warmth who is always telling silly jokes, and treats me, her "adopted daughter", as one of her own. After being seated and looking at the menu, I was happy to see that food and beverages made me feel as though I was in Galicia again, possibly in the house of my Spanish mother. †I never imagined that I could order a clarita (a draft beer with La Casera - a brand of soda) or kalimotxo (a popular mixed drink of cheap red wine and Coca Cola) in the East Village. †AND there was Spanish wine by the glass, Estrella Damm on draft, and my favorite, Estrella Galicia, by the bottle. On this particular Monday, the bar special of the day was $20 for a large pitcher of sangria. †With five flavors available, we were unsure of which to order and requested a taste of mango sangria before committing to a whole pitcher. †Our waiter brought us a large glass (which he let us finish and did not charge us for!) and both of us were surprised to taste a sweet and refreshing white-wine based sangria, with lots of wine-soaked apples. As for the tapas, they are probably some of the best that I have had here in the United States (and for me to say this is quite a statement!). †Many of the recipes on the menu were passed down from Ana Maria Gonzalez Arias' grandmother, who hails from Galicia. You MUST order the pulpo a la gallega. †It is so tender and practically melted in my mouth (FYI: octopus should never have "texture" or be chewy). †When we asked the waiter about the recipe, he said the preparation is just as it is in Spain: the octopus is boiled briefly in water 3 or 4 times before the heat is lowered for it to cook normally. The albondigas were also fantastic. †A pork-beef combination is used for the meatball itself and everything is slowly cooked in a tomato-brandy sauce. †Be sure to use a slice of bread or two to enjoy more of the sauce! We also ordered a combination of croquetas de jamon and de bacalao. †The filling for the croquetas de jamon was perfect - not too runny or pasty. †Because bacalao is a very delicate fish, the flavors in those croquetas got a little "lost". †Although I preferred the croquetas de jamon because they were more savory, both were very enjoyable. The beauty of Spanish food is that sometimes the simplest ingredients and most basic preparations are some of the most enjoyable. †The bacalao frito, a preparation of cod fish lightly battered and fried and served with aioli sauce, was a perfect example of this. †The handful of ingredients used allowed us to appreciate how fresh the fish was. Last, but certainly not least, we shared a slice of brazo gitano for dessert. †Once again, I was flooded with memories of my Spanish mother who always makes a savory version of this sponge cake that can be filled with practically anything. †Nai's rendition of this traditional dessert used an almond-sugar filling and was drizzled with chocolate. †The sponge cake was perfectly moist, making this the perfect way to end the meal. Our waiter was extremely attentive and shared his enthusiasm for the menu with us over the course of dinner. †He also gave us additional information about the flamenco performances that take place on the weekend and told us he hoped we would return. †I am so happy to have found a place that brings back memories of Spain, while serving affordable food and drink in an atmosphere that makes me feel like family.
5641	7	2012-07-04	I tried out this restaurant for the first time recently with a group of 5 friends. We were seated right away and †the service remained excellent through the entire meal. The waiter was friendly and attentive. We had the red wine sangria (pitcher for $20) which was tasty! We ordered about 6 "racions" aka the larger tapas. We all agreed that it was plenty of food. Each dish was better than the next, we got everything from the garlic shrimp to the skirt steak. At the end we were all surprised at the total of the bill, such a bargain! We will definitely be going back.
5642	7	2012-07-03	Stopped by here for a quick bite to eat last night. We ordered a pitcher of champagne sangria (yum) which was on special for $20! We ordered the shrimp in green sauce, octopus (galician style), and the skirt steak sauteed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers. Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak) - Probably the best dish. Ours was cooked perfectly to medium and the meat was well flavored and tender. The sauce/garnish that came with was refreshing, and I loved the pickled cherry peppers. Pulpo A La Gallega (octopus) - Our server warned that it might be a little chewy...honestly it was a bit too soft! I feel like the texture was off and it smelled a bit too fishy. Maybe an off day for this dish, but definitely not up to par with other octopus tapas that I've had. Shrimp in green sauce - The sauce for this was delicious. We sopped up the whole thing with the bread they provided. Overall, the ambiance was nice. We sat outside because it wasn't too hot or humid, but the servers were very attentive and came out frequently to pour our champagne sangria, refill our water, and check up on us. I thought some of the dishes were a bit pricey compared to other tapas joints, but some of the vegetarian dishes were a bit cheaper. Evens out in the end. I would recommend coming here sometime Mon-Wed and taking advantage of the $20 pitcher!
5643	7	2012-07-03	Every once in a while, one of the show ponies from my stable of thoroughbreds wants edification that she's special. †So, I gotz ta do what I gotz ta do...take her for a deelish dinner. † In this case, since she was Castillian, and since I've been to Spain multiple times, I took her to a legit tapas bar to impress her. - Decor/Ambience: Pretty packed and loud...but very fun. †I'm not a flamenco connoisseur, but it was def cool to watch. - Draaaanks: White sangria was kind of tart but the mango sagria was off the chains...drank waaaay too much (which is status quo on a date) - Fare: Tapas is ubiquitous in Spain and I'm always down for it in NYC...so we ordered: * beef empanadas * blood sausages * skirt steak sauteed with garlic * seasoned pork loin * potatoes in creamy garlic aioli sauce * potatoes in spicy tomato sauce * meat and cheese plate * spanish octopus Except for the pork loin (kinda salty), they were all fuckin deeelish. * As for dessert I didn't order any, I was already taking her home with me. ;)
5644	7	2012-07-02	Great food! Amazing service! Festive atmosphere! I dined here for my birthday and was super happy with the overall experience! Our server, Raul was fantastic and made sure we were happy all night! The place gets a little loud so don't expect to have an intimate convo when the flamenco dancing starts. BUT if you're looking for a fun spot for dinner with great good, Nai is your spot!
5645	7	2012-06-25	In my honest opinion, tapas are made for girls. That's why we've decided to venture here during our girls night out. It wasn't a spectacular experience but it was suitable for a catharsis. In terms of the food and drinks, here's what I had to say... Blueberry Pomegranate Sangria - First pitcher was not potent. Second pitcher hit the spot Churrasco Arriero (skirt steak sauteed with garlic and spicy cherry peppers) - Best dish but TOO well done, which made it chewy Lomo Adobado Con Pimientos Asados (seasoned pork loin with fresh roasted red peppers) - Definitely tender but lack of flavors. More gravy would be awesome Patatas Bravas (spicy potatoes gently coated with spicy house tomato sauce) - Perfectly seasoned with a mild kick. Sweetly done Patatas Alioli potatoes basted in a creamy garlic alioli sauce - Ultimately creamy but no garlic flavor. Tasted like plain mayo Mejillones Rias Baixas (galician style mussels in garlic, virgin olive oil and white wine) - Bland. Sand. Flat Pulpo A La Gallega (spanish octopus in virgin olive oil, sprinkled with sea salt and sweet paprika) - Nicely spiced but overcooked. A little texture would be great Esparragos Navarros (imported white asparagus with a minced onion and pepper vinaigrette) - Fancy but the sogginess killed the asparagus' taste With all the mentioned above, we still had room for dessert (which was what we were hoping for). This place is a little hard to find because we got misguided by the confusing Yelp (Google) map. However, the friendliness of the staff made up for it all. Will try to come back on a Thursday night to catch the live flamenco dance performance.
5646	7	2012-06-25	What to order: Red or Mango Sangria Beef Empanadas Blood Sausages Potatos in Garlic Aioli Sauace Meatballs Meat and cheese plate What not to order: Chicken and potatos Cod croquettes Garlic Shrimp Mussells Overall: Great friendly tapas spot. Lighting is semi bright contrary to other dark tapa places. The sangria is one of the best I ever had at a good price. The tapas are extremely tasty if you order the right ones. The flamingo drums during the weekends is very lively. It turns any boring date into an upbeat energetic dinner. The most notable thing about this place is the service. The staff is one of the friendliest I have ever seen and you feel right at home. I always over OVER tip at Nai.
5647	7	2012-06-20	Went for a quick bite late on a Tuesday night and was pleasantly surprised with the speed and quality of the food. Can't miss the albondigas and the fried goat cheese over bread with serrano ham. Delicious! Make sure the bread comes, because the sauces are all worth soaking up.
5648	7	2012-06-18	I've already been here twice in a span of a week and a half, and there's a very good reason for that. I randomly stumbled upon this place one day, when I was walking around in the East Village. What initially caught my eye, was the sign for the live flamenco dancing on Thursday and Saturday nights. A group of my friends and I decided to try it out on Thursday night, and it certainly went above and beyond in exceeding our expectations. Our waiter, Raul, was not only polite and helpful but he was also quite patient while the six of us took our time in deciding what to order. In the meantime, he made sure that our glasses remained filled with their blueberry pomegranate sangria - a great choice out of their many flavors. Plates that are a MUST HAVE: Bacalao Frito, Chorizo A La Plancha, Patatas Alioli, Empanadillas De Carne, and the Pork Tenderloin (Spanish name escapes me)...to name a few. I could go on an on but I'll end here by saying this - if you're looking for a low key spot with an intense vibe, great service and even greater food...look no further. With a friendly staff and food at an affordable price (and amazing flamenco dancers/Spanish music on Thurs and Sat)....is it any wonder why all the reviews for Nai Tapas have been nothing but amazing?
5649	7	2012-06-08	We came (based on all the good yelp reviews), we saw (the flamenco dancing), we ate (everything!) and drank until we were merry (blueberry pomegranete champagne sangria hit the spot). It started out as a reservation for two on Thursday night. †One more joined, followed by another, and then another and another. †The staff were incredibly nice and kept helping us find more bar stools which was very much appreciated even though it was a packed house! † † Reminder to self: great date spot or for a lively evening to catch up with friends.
5650	7	2012-06-06	Great service, delicious food and the sangria was perfect, not too much ice and just enough fruit! You MUST order: Gambas A La Plancha Aceitunas Rellenas Croquetas De Bacalao Croquetas De Jam√≥n Salpic√≥n De Marisco Pulpo Vinagreta Tabla De Quesos Y Embutidos Chorizo A La Plancha Tortilla Espa√±ola Pinchos Morunos
5651	7	2012-06-05	The food here is delicious. †We ordered the following things and all were delicious. - Calamari in its own ink (very very delishious) - Empanadas - Blood Sausage - Anchovies - Garlic Shrimp Two types of sangria: - Pomegranate champagne sangria (delicious) - Red I would love to come here again, especially when they have the live dancing.
5652	7	2012-06-01	I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could. It was really good food, great service, and I liked the restaurant's vibe. The sangria options are great, but not as strong as I would hope for. Our experience was great here and it was also decently priced.
5653	7	2012-06-01	I love this place!!! great food, the champagne sangria is amazing and the show is really awesome def going back :-)
5654	7	2012-05-28	Wonderful ambiance and food! †Tapas were VERY GENEROUS as compared to the size of standards tapas and delicious! †Highly recommend the squid cooked in it's own ink and papas alioli. †Call in beforehand to make reservations during flamenco timeslots (one at 8:30pm and another at 10:30pm on Saturday). †Not every table has a good view of the dance floor (which is why I rated this a 4 and not a 5), however the sound permeates throughout the restaurant (pretty loud). †Bon apetite and enjoy the show!!
5655	7	2012-05-28	came on a friday night. sat at the bar with friends and enjoyed some tapas and sangria. †The drinks were awesome. †We had a pitcher of pomegranate and a pitcher or mango. both equally delicious. †To compare them would be to compare apples to baby wolverines. † The bartender was helpful when it came to which size we should order to things. The cheese and meat plate was yummy as all cheese and meat plates are, the olives were unimpressive. †The asparagus in pink sauce i won't order again. †It was blah. The potatoes were also meh. † The shrimp and the octopus on the other hand were amazing! †I sooped up all the sauce with the bread! yum yum yum. we read that there was outside seating, but they said that they weren't seating it.... strange. hopefully next time. b/c the sangria begs to be enjoyed outside.
5656	7	2012-05-28	Croquettes. Empanadas. Meatballs. SANGRIA!!!Etc!! Rustic, quaint, cozy. Service friendly and efficient! Enjoy :)
5657	7	2012-05-27	Great service even on a busy weekend. They are an amazing staff not just one but the whole place. The food was pretty decent not the best but definitely not lacking.
5658	7	2012-05-22	I went on a Tuesday night and it was pretty quiet. The most friendly service I've ever encountered in the city. Reminded me of why we give tips in restaurants. The food was delicious. Order yourself the -bravas (not aioli unless you like garlic) -cheese and prosciutto combo (forgot the name) -croquettes -seared steak and you got yourself a delicious meal don't forget the Mango Sangrias CAUTION: Don't get the crab crepes they suggest you. It was absolutely terrible.
5659	7	2012-05-21	Some great food, some stuff we didn't like-the calamari and seafood tasted like nothing. Someone in my group used the word Alpo. The empanadas and cod were amazing. My boyfriend wants to return just for them. Our waitress was extremely sweet and accommodating-even with our group of 7. Sangria was great, and they had mango and a pomegranate option. The flamenco show was good for something different, but became almost too loud †as we were seated right next to the stage. The price is great and came out to about 65 pp with a twenty percent tip. Glad I tried it out.
5660	7	2012-05-16	I love this place! The sangria is magical, the food is very tasty and at a great price. The bartender was awesome to talk to as we were sitting at the bar drinking sangria and eating our tapas. Def worth sneaking in this cozy little joint!
5661	7	2012-05-12	I really don't get the hype for this place. The ambiance is by no means exciting and the food really isn't all that spectacular.
5662	7	2012-05-09	Came here for a bday with 3 friends on a Friday night, with a reservation. Place was crowded but not overly packed, but service was still really sub-par. It was on the later side, but still. - Out of most of the things we wanted - Took FOREVER to get drinks, service, etc. - Waiter acted like he was doing us a favor by seating us Food was good, not great. Portions were fine, not amazing. Price was so-so. Village-esque place in terms of layout/decor. Wouldn't refuse to go back, but def not on my list of fav places.
5663	7	2012-05-09	I came here with 3 others on a Saturday evening without a reservation, about 7pm-so right about prime time. The staff did their best to accommodate us--since we weren't sure if we would be able to make it out before all the 8pm reservations, they let us sit together at the bar, and we still go to watch the Flamenco show! †That was a really special treat. The bartender was really nice to us, which I appreciated. I had the garlic shrimp which was just great--I LOVE garlic. My husband got the crab crepes. †I didn't have any sangria but I was impressed that they had a huge bin of fresh fruit right on the bar, she'd scoop some into a glass before tapping the sangria. So if you're into that--you really need to try this place.
5664	7	2012-05-07	Really fun place! †Food is only 3 stars - good but nothing special. †However, the sangria and flamenco are really fun! †It's a good spot that's not too fancy but a great place to spend an evening. †There are also lots of great bars and dessert places nearby to walk to afterwards.
5665	7	2012-05-06	The staff was really friendly! We got half a pitcher of mango sangria. It was delicious but a bit expensive for $16. But I learned that if you go Mon-Wed they have full pitchers for $20. The food was good. We ordered 4 dishes and dessert. Our favorite was the garlic potatoes. Next time, i want to get 5 plates of that. So delicious! The grilled chorizo was good. But I would not recommend the crab stuffed crepes or the pork cutlet dishes (sorry, i don't remember the exact names). We got the creme brulee to share and it was heavenly. I deducted a star because it was really loud in side. While I enjoyed the entertainment (a lot!) they could've turned the volume down just a tad. At the end of the meal we were stuffed and all for about $40! Overall, my bf and I enjoyed it and would go there again.
5666	7	2012-05-04	This place is a solid 3 stars. If their sangria was a bit stronger and more natural tasting, I would be happy to bump the ratings up to a 4. Paul H. took me here to begin our night of feasting. We got some potata bravas, mussels, and croquettes. The food was really good †but it did take a little while to come out. I honestly think the waiter forgot one of our dishes and didn't bring it out until we reminded him. It's ok, he was really nice and helpful. The ambiance here is really fun and inviting. I noticed a band was setting up so they must have live music playing here on some nights.
5667	7	2012-05-02	Absolutely delicious. Great ambiance and can usually make reservations on the weekends.
5668	7	2012-04-29	I think the only reason why I'm giving this place a 2-star rating is because I'm comparing Nai Tapas to the various tapas places I went to in Barcelona a month ago. Sorry, Nai Tapas. You're competing with the big boys here. For someone who hasn't had authentic tapas, I'm sure Nai Tapas would be perfectly adequate. They have a relatively wide menu, and tapas plates cost about $6 to $7. The dishes that I got, though, were quite lacking. I tried the beef empanadas, lightly fried codfish, jamon platter and blood sausage on toast. Everything came off to me as either old, or freezer-ed. The empanadas tasted like they came out of a box, the ham had an off taste to it, the codfish was a little overdone, and the blood sausage was served very in a very unwieldy fashion. The champagne sangria was good, though. Get that. It's happy hour up till 7 pm even on Fridays.
5669	7	2012-04-26	I have mixed feelings. On the one hand, the venue was fun, they took (and fulfilled) a reservation, and they had good drinks (sangria, beer, the like). On the other, I didn't find the food mind-blowingly spectacular. For instance, the manchego/prosciutto platter was DELICIOUS and I kept going back for more. But the asparagus was mushy. Sure, it was out of season, but take it off the menu please? I could probably eat the patatas bravas for days, but the octopus was... mushy. Hmm... sensing a theme. Anyway, they still get 3 stars for the atmosphere (dark, loud, PARTY!) and for the fact that they take reservations. Definitely stashing it away in my list of places for groups!
5670	7	2012-04-22	Literally just finished eating here just 2 hours ago and I am so happy! Service was incredibly great; maybe it was the rain or maybe it was a Sunday night but the the wait staff was super attentive. †They provided great recommendations and the food came out quick. 1. Croquettas Bacalao - the best I have ever had. †Not overly salty or fishy taste. †So yum! I could have had all 3 to myself. 2. Gambas Al Ajilla - this dish was ok. †I have definitely had it better elsewhere in terms of how savory the sauce was. †But for a staple dish, it was definitely worth having. 3. Crepes with Crabmeat - could have skipped this dish 4. Grilled Chorizo - need I say more? Yum! 5. Jamon y Queso - generous portion of serrano ham and manchego cheese. a definite get. 6. Patatas Bravas - we asked for a side of alioli sauce and mixed it together for a heavenly flavor 7. Pork Tenderloin in Orange Sauce - very nice dish but was it wasnt memorable enough to have again. Great tapas place! Highly recommend anyone to try for a yummy meal with generous seating for you and your friends.
5671	7	2012-04-22	Had no clue about this place, so thank you to the friend that introduced me to it! †At first I thought it wasn't going to be very good because their tapas list was a mile long. †They seriously have every variety of tapas under the sun and then some. †How can they possibly be good at making everything?? †But at least for the ones I got, they were good! †Now I'm intrigued by this flamenco night thing that everyone is raving abt.
5672	7	2012-04-22	Good tapas and sangria, especially the meatballs and shrimp. The grilled octopus was too mushy for my taste. Service can be slow when the restaurant gets packed. Pretty inexpensive for the quality.
5673	7	2012-04-21	I came here with a date who picked this place based on reviews and his love for tapas. After reading the Yelp! reviews I was really excited to try the food and the sangria here. First things first, the service here is GREAT and super accommodating. Even though my date was smart enough to make a reservation at 7:45pm, I was STILL late and showed up at 8:05pm. I blame the traffic on 10th street. The service staff was totally understanding and even joked around while walking us to our table, saying that it was my job to be fashionably late. (whew!) Next comes the sangria... we ordered a pitcher of red sangria to be split between the two of us. I've never seen such skillful pouring as demonstrated by our server. I took a quick peek at the fruit in the pitcher; mostly apples so I was a tad disappointed. Usually red sangrias have more variety of fruit, but it was incredibly delicious nonetheless. It was sweet without being too sweet. Tart without being too tart. As for the tapas, I had the following: 1) Pan Tumaca (toast with tomato, serrano ham, manchego cheese) 2) Esp√°rragos Navarros (imported white asparagus with onion & pepper vinaigrette) 3) Gambas Al Ajillo (grilled shrimp in garlic sauce) 4) Pinchos Morunos (marinated grilled pork skewers) For dessert, we split the lava fudge cake a la mode. These four tapas, a desert, plus half a pitcher of sangria were enough to fill me up! I'd definitely come back here again for dates, with a friend, or even with a large group. When a group of 15-20 girls walked in the staff swiftly maneuvered a few tables around without disrupting the meals of other patrons. By the way, this place is a bit difficult to locate. It's located next to a bakery, and rather than being at sidewalk level, you have to walk down into the restaurant.
5674	7	2012-04-20	The service and space are great but the food is just ok. Based on the food alone I'd give it 2 stars because nothing was memorable but the service was really excellent. The sangria was tasty but that's probably because they used grape juice. I'm a lightweight and it did nothing for me, even after 3 glasses.
5675	7	2012-04-18	Good food
5676	7	2012-04-16	I've been coming here since the beginning and love it more every time I go ..the food is super tasty, the flamenco is tons of fun and the staff is friendly and attentive even when they are packed. champagne sangria is my drink of choice (although they †all are delish) and you can't go wrong with any of the tapas. †One of my favorite places to eat and drink in the city. :)
5677	7	2012-04-14	Awesome all around! Friendly staff, happy hour til 7pm and accommodates groups!! Food is delicious and the sangria is fabulous. Just a note to make sure your friends are not super late because on a friday night you have to give up your table after two hours (BUT they told us this at the beginning of dinner and still let us stay an extra 45 minutes since our group couldn't get our shit together). Such nice folks. I was really so impressed by this place, a new favorite!
5678	7	2012-04-13	3rd time's the charm at this happening place. Each time I attend, it gets busier and busier but RSVPS are still welcome (and encouraged!). †Going to keep this short since this is my 3rd update but came here for my bday dinner and the food and service was excellent as usual (read my prior reviews- I already wrote 2!). But, the new thing for me this time was the Flamenco dancing. †Ask for the exact times on Saturdays but the live music, band, singers, clappers, and the dancers made it for an authentic night out. †As a friend pointed out, these people are professional clappers (how do their hands not hurt from clapping to the beat?). Love this place. Great service as usual which only enhances the experience even further.
5679	7	2012-04-09	What a great find this place is. †Our friends made early reservations for us, as we were attending a concert later. †A high chair for their baby was already in place when we arrived. †We ordered an extensive selection of tapas and larger portions, as well as a pitcher and a half of their terrific pomegranate champagne sangria. †The food came out in waves, so we would be finishing 1-2 items by the time the next round arrived. †Basically everything we ordered was a winner - meatballs, jamon, the usual tapas etc. -- all nicely done. The baby even ate some octopus! †The service was so attentive and thoughtful. †And we could not believe how tiny the bill was, considering everything we ordered - an incredible value for the money. †We left just as the Flamenco was being set up, so that entails a return trip. †All in all, a must the next time we are in the neighborhood.
5680	7	2012-04-09	I made a reservation for my birthday 2 weeks prior and it was easy. † I had a blast that night (past saturday). Waiters are very helpful, friendly and the Flamengo show is fantastic!! I can't find any bad thing about this restaurant - excellent service, delicious food, very reasonable price and wonderful performance!
5681	7	2012-04-08	I had one of the most pleasant dining experiences at Nai Tapas Bar. First off, let me rave about how awesome it is that a Tapas Bar in New York actually takes reservations.. (GASP! †Unheard of! †Do you know how many times I've waited 1 hour plus because tapas restaurants are usually super small and super happening?) †Then, a couple days before, I called to see if I could update my reservation from 8 to 10. †The person who answered the phone was so nice, friendly, and accommodating, it was refreshing to talk to them. Then, on the day of, the same person called me to confirm, but he did so in a very friendly and welcoming way. †I already felt like I was going to like this place a lot. And, it didn't disappoint. †The whole staff at Nai's was amazing. †They were patient with our huge group, and brought us drinks, bread, and really took good care of us. †We had an all ice cream cake, and although they didn't have a freezer, they were able to ask the bakery next door if they could use theirs. †We showed our appreciation by sharing some of our Chinatown Ice Cream Factory Lychee, Mango, and Black Sesame ice cream cake with them. The food was so good. †I highly recommend the ham croquettas, the mussels ( that sauce was amazing with bread), the steak, the heart of palm salad, the octopus (which had a creamy texture), chicken with potatoes, the sausage wrapped with potato, and the fried cod. ( YUMMMM ) For drinks, we had 2 pitchers of the Red Sangria, which was delicious. †They also had some drinks I had never tried before like beer with seven up, and red wine with coke. †Pretty interesting. On top of it, on Wed and Saturdays they have a guitarist playing Spanish music and a live Flamenco Show. †It was really entertaining and really added to the whole experience that night. †The dancers were passionate and it was a beautiful, emotional performance that we all really enjoyed. The restaurant itself is small, but I didn't feel cramped or crowded. †It was just loud enough to have a good ambiance, but not so loud that I couldn't hear my friends. †I highly recommend this place if you like Tapas.
5682	7	2012-04-08	Great ambiance and food. Mango Sangria is a must. Some highlights include the Albondiguillas Estofadas (meatballs with brandy sauce), Crepes stuffed with crab meat, and Churrasco Arriero. The Churrasco Arriero was our favorite dish, the skirt steak was perfectly cooked and was accompanied by the most delicious sauce made of garlic and cherry peppers. Service was friendly and attentive. Make sure to make reservations for the live flamenco at 8:30 pm on Thursdays and Saturdays.
5683	7	2012-04-08	My girlfriend and I came here for dinner early last weekend - we hadn't made a reservation, and we figured that it'd be easier to get a seat than later, when it gets a bit crowded. There were a few parties seated at 6 PM, but nothing too bad, so getting seated was a cinch. It's a bit dark in the interior, but getting one of the tables by the window was money - the natural lighting helps the mood quite a bit. Service was quick, and the tapas came out one by one, so we were never left pondering when the next dish was coming out. The food itself was delicious overall, although I wouldn't put the overall quality at a 5-star level. Certain dishes were extremely well-done; my favorites had to be the croquettes, which blended melt-in-your-mouth potatoes with succulent cod, and the mussels, which worked extremely well with the paprika sauce. It gave it a bit of a kick that a regular tomato-based broth for this dish wouldn't give, but it wasn't too spicy to overpower the other flavors. The cured meats with cheese was also delicious; I don't remember the exact meats or cheeses, but they were all very good. Unfortunately, the other dishes were a bit forgettable. I don't remember these as well, but the chicken meatballs were delicious and very tender as well. The crepes with crab meat sounds like an interesting and unique concept, but the crab meat was nowhere close to what you get in fresh crab cakes, and the sauce that was drizzled on top of the crepes didn't really do much for me. I've had delicious tortillas in Spain and at Soccorat, but the one here really didn't do much for me. It was too potato-y, and I didn't really get a good taste of the sausage (which was allegedly in the dish). This is a different style of tapas than I've had previously, but it was still pretty delicious overall. You probably can order 2-3 per person and have a meal worth sharing amongst everyone. I'd come back to try some of the other items; most of them are absolutely delicious, while some are just average.
5684	7	2012-04-04	Food is yummy and the sangrias are divine. The wait staff is extremely helpful and awesome, honestly. They were so attentive and I experienced the best service.
5685	7	2012-04-04	I went there on a Tuesday night, so no, there was no flamenco show, but its ok, I can always come back. Of course you gotta start off your meal with the most important thing, sangria. They had a few different types of sangria- red, white, mango, tropical, champagne etc. The waiter said that the most popular flavors were the red or mango. I ordered the red sangria. I wished it was sweeter and fruitier. Food wise, it was excellent. There are 2 sizes for the tapas: tapas and racion. Racion is bigger. For a table of 4 people, they recommended ordering either 4 racionnes or 6 tapas. We decided to do a combination. Esp√°rragos Navarros - asparagus in olive oil, it was pretty good. Tortilla Vegetariana- delicious! Good size as well. Calamares Fritos - you can't really go wrong with deep fried calarami Patatas Bravas - I love this dish! Bacalao Frito - Deep fried cod fish. Each chunk wasn't that big, and you could dip it in some sauces that resembled tar tar sauce. Croquetas De Pollo - yummy. The waiters here are all Spanish and quite helpful. I forgot to mention that they give you a bread basket at the beginning of the meal but the bread was cold and chewy.
5686	7	2012-03-31	I was really looking forward to checking out this spanish tapas restaurant, I've been slowly trying to hit up all the tapas restaurants in Manhattan. Nai tapas didn't disappoint, the waiters, mostly all spanish were very lively and provided a great service. I must say, the chicken and jamon croquetas were amazing, so were the chorrizo wraps and the aceitunas. The sangria was great, not as good as the one you can get back in Spain but it still made a great compliment to the dinner. Nai Tapas is great for any occasion, whether you are a big group or just on a date, they will be able to rapidly accomodate you. Great restaurant and highly recommended!
5687	7	2012-03-29	Mmmm tapas. This restaurant has a wonderful atmostphere. If you come for the live flamenco, take note that it gets loud. If you're near the action, you will be shouting at your date! That said, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Food and drink were fairly standard and nothing to write home about. Service was warm and swift. I'll return for the entertainment :)
5688	7	2012-03-29	I'm not sure why this place is getting such rave reviews. I came here last week with my boyfriend for a casual Thursday night dinner. We were seated right away and immediately ordered a wide selection of their tapas- meatballs, mussels, olives, some fried chicken monstrosity- and a large pitcher of sangria. Overall, the service was good and the ambiance was nice- but the food was mediocre at best. One of the mussels I had was rotten which totally threw me off. Nothing ruins a meal faster than rotten shellfish. Nai seems like its great for bar fare and sangria but not much else. The prices are great, but the food is not.
5689	7	2012-03-28	This place is amazing for so many reasons, namely the Flamenco. A must do on Thursdays and Saturdays at 8:00PM. The show is the real deal and it never gets old. Wanna impress a date? Friends in town? Just want a classic unexpected NY experience? Make a reservation, AND get there early,they get packed for good reason. The food is decent--your standard tapas at a tapas price. But you're going for the Flamenco, it trumps everything. Beyond the show the staff is wonderful. Attentive, good energy, down to earth, most of them Spanish from Spain. Just go. You won't be disappointed.
5690	7	2012-03-26	This place is fantastic. †I went here this past Friday with my friend from out of town and husband. †It was so tasty, the food was fresh, the manager/owner David was so friendly, and it was reasonably priced. †We had garlic potatoes, sausage, the omelet, shrimp, and squid. †So, so good! †I will be going back soon.
5691	7	2012-03-26	Really enjoyed myself! I'm allergic to shellfish but still felt there were plenty of yummy options. My group took a while to get behind the sharing bit cause we all really liked what we ordered. But highlights for me were the patatas bravas and the patatas in alioli (sp) as well as the meatballs in brandy sauce! Don't let them fool you into thinking the patatas bravas are hot- they were just tasty. I could have eaten just potatoes and meatballs and been perfectly happy. The drinks looked good too-though I wasn't partaking this particular evening. Service was very friendly and they described anything we had questions about as well as letting two of my friends try two different wines and then decide what they wanted. I feel like a lot of places don't do that anymore. We made a reservation so our party of 5 had no problems getting in. I'd suggest making one if you know you want to head there-it did fill up pretty quickly once we were seated around 730. Definitely seems like a later night dinner kind of place. I think it would be fun for a group or for a nice date!
5692	7	2012-03-26	Interesting tapas options and an intimate setting. Water boy was almost too attentive, and the waiter kept bringing out more drinks even after we said we were all set. Thankfully he left those off the bill.
5693	7	2012-03-25	Soo....Im kind of a hot head. We were running late with some out of town friends, about 30 mins late. By the time we arrived, they gave away our table.Totally understandable but as a hot head I didnt give the best face and was visibly annoyed. Even though I gave a complete sh*t face he managed to get us a table. WOW. That was above and beyond. I appreciated very much that he accommodated us even though he didnt have to. Definitely recommend. The food is great- my guest were veryyyy happy! Especially with the croquettes! The sangria couldve been stonger though... The flamenco show is great! in between they played some of my favs: Enrique Iglesias, Carlos Vives, Julieta Venegas, and Manu Chao. Overall I recommend, especially after putting up with †my sh*t face for being late to my own reservation! :)
5694	7	2012-03-25	This place is great. Great food, great drinks, and great service. On a Saturday night they also had great live music. This is up there as one of my favorites in the city now.
5695	7	2012-03-23	short and to the point. †Amazing experience. †Raul was great! Recommended several tapas and did not oversell. †Good atmosphere and had no wait. †Reservation was honored and would high endorse the experience!!
5696	7	2012-03-22	Just go. You will not be sorry. I haven't been to a place that bent over backwards to make everyone happy like this maybe ever. We were a group of eight and they catered to our every whim + more. The food was incredible, they let me try wines until I found one that was perfect, sangria (esp red) was a huge hit! We were there on a Saturday night - live flamenco. I've been to many flamenco shows in Spain and these dancers were top notch and so passionate. Really incredible night - thanks so much!
5697	7	2012-03-20	The mango sangria is really good but might be a bit watered down. The most memorable dishes were the clams, mussels and meatballs. All of them were really good. Stay away from the octopus and asparagus. The octopus was slimy and the asparagus was soggy! Kinda gross.
5698	7	2012-03-16	This place is very delicious, if you're in the area(and even if you're not) you should try it! I went with my friend and we split a pitcher of sangria, beef empanadas, pork skewers, calamari, mussels, and an almond tart. Everything was great. The waiters were friendly and attentive, and we ended up staying long after our meal was done to finish our sangria (and nobody was hovering over us to see if we were finished). The only reason I gave it a 4 as opposed to a 5 is because all of this together was $30 a person, and I don't think it was filling enough to be that much. But hey, everything else was great, and the sangria was especially delicious, so I'd say it was worth it in the end.
5699	7	2012-03-14	Went to Nai after seeing good †Yelp reviews and craving tapas and sangria. †Went on a Tuesday night with three friends. †We ordered two or three small tapas each to share for the table and two pitchers of sangria, red and champagne. †Both sangrias weren't that great. †The champagne sangria was the worse of the two. †Both were too sweet, but at $20 a pitcher, I can deal. THE FOOD WAS SPECTACULAR and came in two rounds, which was nice. Croquettes, potatoes, tortilla espa√±ola, calamari... Unreal. Gave it 4 stars for the overly sweet and watery (but $20!) sangria and because it was almost empty on a Tuesday, making the experience a little awkward. But I'd go back for the food. OMG.
5700	7	2012-03-11	We had reservations for 10pm which was not honored. †We had to wait an hour before we realized we are not getting a table. †The host said he couldn't do anything about it, which was quite disappointing.
5701	7	2012-03-11	Funfunfun. Casual with great sangria. Yummy tapas. Felt like I was back in Spain. Flamenco dancers and music a bonus.
5702	7	2012-03-11	This is such a cute little spot. I didn't eat here so I can't review that area but I did drink here. There was a group of five of us. We came here and shared two pitchers of sangria. We got a regular flavor and blueberry sangria. It was amazing! The service was really good and it was so cheap. They also have free live entertainment. There is just one thing: this is not the place to come with a LARGE group. It's really small in here. I really want to come back here one day to try their food!
5703	7	2012-03-07	Very impressive selection of great tapas. Great music, great sangria and moderate prices. †Oh, and live Flamenco on Thursdays and Saturdays. Everything you need from any tapas place, and mucho mas. Awesome.
5704	7	2012-03-06	Nai's Tapas is an experience that you share with family and dear friends. The food is delicious, but the sangria and the hospitable atmosphere is what really makes this east side eatery a great experience. I have been here about 10+ times and I am treated wonderfully each time. The crew is very warm and they make sure your cup is full of sangria all the time! You have to treat yourself.
5705	7	2012-03-05	I am in LOVE with Nai! The service is top notch and I have nothing bad whatsoever to say about them. Their tapas are cheap and delicious. I love that most of their tapas are only $5- $7, which means you can order a couple to try. I really recommend their Garlic Potatoes and Croquettes. Both of these dishes were my favorites of the night.
5706	7	2012-03-04	Nai Tapas Bar is great, everything from the ambiance to the food. Pitchers of Sangria range from $16-20, depending on what you get and tastes amazing! The food comes tapas style - the small plates are about $6 on average and $10 for the larger plates. †Both of which are rather reasonable and very very tasty! The only bad part is the place is rather small, so if you do go you should make a reservation. †I went on a Wednesday night around 7 PM with no reservations and my friends and I had to wait a while. †Luckily there was some space at the bar for us to sit and wait. †We got a few appetizers there to start off before we got some seats. †The bar tender was very nice and very helpful. What's great is they do not try to push or rush you out, My friends and I were there for a while (maybe 4 hours) - ordering drinks and tapas!
5707	7	2012-03-03	I came here based off a colleague's recommendation. Decor: 3/5 -Not much seating. Seating capacity is around 50 Service: 3.5/5 -Friendly service. -Total wait time was 25 minutes for the bar -Due to reservations, walk-ins will need to be patient Food: 3/5 -Mejillones avoa: mussels in paprika wine sauce. My favorite dish of the night because of the light yet flavorful broth. You get between 20-30 small mussels. -Empanadillas de Cazue: beef turnovers. This reminded me of a Jamaican beef patty. You get two. -Tortilla Espanola: traditional Spanish omelet with onions & potatoes. Sadly the omelet was bland and needed Tabasco sauce. I also used the paprika wine sauce to add flavor to the omelet. -Pinchos Morunos: marinated grilled pork skewers. This was my second favorite dish. You get one skewer with five cubes of pork. The pork was borderline to being overcooked. Other than that, the marinade tasted great. I'm definitely coming back but I'm giving Nai 3.5 star for now.
5708	7	2012-02-29	I can't say enough about my experience at Nai Tapas. A group of friends and I came here on Valentine's Day and the staff really went above and beyond to serve us. We were seated at a high top table, as most of the other tables in the back were taken by dates. Our server was laid back and knowledgeable and recommended how many and which tapas we should order. The food was delicious and everything came out right away. We ordered probably 20 different tapas and quite a few pitchers of white sangria. The standouts were the ham croquettes, the meatballs and the patatas bravas. I didn't eat any of the fish dishes, but apparently those were very good as well. However, what really stood out in my mind was that our waiter accidentally brought an extra tapa that we didn't order. We pointed out to him that we didn't order it and hadn't touched it yet, so he could just bring it back. He told us to keep the dish and that it was on the house. He then brought over a whole PITCHER of white sangria and told us that it was on the house as well to apologize for the mistake. The whole meal ended up costing around $35 dollars each with tip and alcohol! I have never seen this kind of service in New York, let alone in a restaurant that isn't incredibly upscale such as this. I would recommend Nai Tapas to any of my friends for it's good food, reasonable prices, laid back, unpretentious atmosphere and outstanding service.
5709	7	2012-02-26	Amazing atmosphere... Went there for dinner w/ my boyfriend on a sat. nite. We had a reservation for 10.15pm and we got a cute table right next to the performers! I really enjoyed the show - the performers passion was almost touchable and it filled the small busy space! In terns of food, the seafood platter was great (octopus was amazing)! Other things, the shrimp in garlic sauce was great! Highly recommend this spot!
5710	7	2012-02-16	Best Spanish restaurant in NYC. Ambiance, Food, Hospitality, Food & Prices its all there. Make sure to go on flamenco nights, performance is amazing their selection of Spanish beers and food is right on the spot. I could go on writing about how good the place it is but you should go and experience it yourself!
5711	7	2012-02-15	A pretty good place to go to for dates as well. Something I didn't know before (which I should have) is that they have live Flamenco on Thursdays and Saturdays.. Definitely a place to try
5712	7	2012-02-12	The pros: - Not too crowded - easy to get reservations for Fri/Sat - Excellent ambiance - Great flamenco show - Meatballs and croquets were very good The cons: - The octopus was overcooked and very bland - Several items were not available on the menu - The dessert list consisted only of an almond tart and 2 types of ice cream in the middle of February... †the two cake options they did not have on hand (they did give us the almond tart for free, but it was pretty mediocre at best) Overall, I give the restaurant 4 starts because of the great atmosphere and great performers. †It's a fun place to go with a group of 4-8 or a birthday.
5713	7	2012-02-08	Pretty good place for girls night dinner. Relatively empty at 7:30, but by 8:30 it was quite full. You can either choose to get tapas or racion (a normal portion). It was recommended you get 2-3 tapas a person. †I think it would even be safe to go with 3 tapas a person even. Nothing "wowed" me, they were all decent enough dishes though. One dish I would recommend skipping would be the escargot. †Never knew escargot could be bland, but it was here. Definitely order sangria. †Not sure if it is every night, or just Wednesdays, but it was $20 a pitcher. †$16 for half a pitcher. You do the math. Strongly recommend the blue pomegranite champagne one and strongly do NOT recommend the mango one. Service was really good. †Our waitress checked up on us quite a few times and walked into numerous heated debates about inappropriate subjects that we should not be having in a restaurant...but at least she cared!
5714	7	2012-02-03	Awesome little spot. I took my girl here for her birthday dinner and we both loved it. Granted, it was a Monday so the place wasn't packed, but that said: Service: 5/5: Excellent, warm, welcoming. The server took his time with us to explain dishes, make recommendations, and answer questions. †At one point they brought out an extra dish due to a miscommunication while ordering and when I mentioned it, they immediately apologized and said ti was on the house. Food: 5/5: Everything was flavorful and delicious. We had the - skirt steak: tender, good-sized portion - stewed meatballs: the meatballs and the brandy sauce were each great on their own, amazing together - white asparagus: very soft and tasty, but it only comes with 2 pieces - Spanish octopus in EVOO: AMAZING. They boil the octopus instead of grilling it, giving it a very soft, tender texture (like very tender abolone or scallop, instead of chewy like calamari). It melted like butter in your mouth. - mixed seafood in cider & olive oil: Good dish, but the octopus in this dish was more chewy and similar to the usual texture I expect from octopus - Red sangria: did the trick, was $20 for a pitcher (I think it was a special that night), they also have 4 other flavors Ambience: 4/5: One side has all exposed brick, representative of NYC. The other is painted with a Spanish-themes motif. †Multiple little tables with plenty of elbow room. Good music (mix of spanish guitar and various other sounds with Latin roots, I heard 3 Manu Chao songs during our dinner). Price: 4.5/5: †Not bad, as far as tapas go. All in all, a cute little tapas spot with great food, service, and atmosphere for a very reasonable price in a great location. Will definitely return, I had no complaints.
5715	7	2012-01-31	Everything was delicious but I highly recommend the meatballs in brandy sauce. I could go on and on about the dishes but there's no point. Just go and order, you won't be sorry. The service was amazing...it's rare when I do a shout out on service, in fact, that's my biggest issue with restaurants, but Uno was so great I have to write about him. From making sure out water was filled, to checking in on us and having a charismatic energy and personality. We throughly enjoyed his service! I'm pretty sure the food could have been awful but we would have left happy because of him! But the combo of amazing tapas, $20 pitcher of sangria and excellent service made me a fan and a repeat patron.
5716	7	2012-01-24	I really wish I could give Nai a half star, because it's right between 3 and 4! The atmosphere, drinks, and service are all great, but the food left something to be desired. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Our waiter was super friendly and kept bringing us free pitchers of sangria.
5717	7	2012-01-24	I came here on a Monday around 6, and the place was completely empty. Based on the high yelp reviews, we had been anticipating excellent food and service for weeks! We tried the patatas bravas (spicy and excellent), beef empanadillas (unique - had olives and raisins, very tasty), albondiguillas (delicous), cod croquetas (least favorite - good taste, but the filling was mushy), shrimp with garlic sauce (the bf said they were delicious, but I didn't try them), and grilled chorizo (pretty good). All servings are moderately-sized and well worth the money. We came during happy hour (lasts until 8?) and got a 1/2 pitcher of red sangria for $10. The half pitcher was about 4-5 (small-ish) wine glasses and very flavorful, though they don't soak their fruit in alcohol or wine before serving. I tasted :) The total for both of us before tip was $40. I will definitely be back!
5718	7	2012-01-24	Came here with a group of 7 people. Pluses: The space/ambiance was accommodating, the service was friendly, and our bill was extremely reasonable -- we ate a lot of tapas and drank a lot of sangria over two hours, and the total was under $40/person. Minuses: None of the tapas were particularly standout, and most were pretty meh. Also, most tapas came in plates of 6, which was awkward to share among 7 people. †Some restaurants will figure out a way to accomodate groups like ours in those circumstances, which would have been nice. †Lastly, the flamenco show went on *way* too long and was much too loud. It was fun for a the first few minutes, but we all had to leave after it went on 30 minutes -- conversation was impossible over the noise, our ears were ringing. And really, it's not that exciting to watch someone click their fingers and stomp around to a guitar for more than a song or two.
5719	7	2012-01-23	Wow. We walked in and were lucky enough to get a table immediately even without a reservation. It turned out to be one of those amazing nights when everything went right. Nai had the perfect mix of atmosphere, great tastes, and great company. The had great unique and affordable tapas plates, decently cheap wine, and live dancing. My date and I split 5 dishes and a bottle of wine. We were both stuffed by the end of the meal. Two great dishes that I really enjoyed were the Octopus (grilled, not fried), and the meatballs. The service was amazing and very comfortable. The music and dancing can be quite loud, so it might not be the best place for a chatty dinner.
5720	7	2012-01-21	Nai ay ay. Where do I begin with this place? †Maybe file this under "Places I don't want to give a good review so people don't saturate it, but it'd be a crime not to"? † The food is just traditional Spanish comfort food done correctly- light and fresh-tasting- no more, no less. †No crazy re-inventions, no pentagonal plates the size of half your table with a bite of food in the center, no molecular gastronomy. †But there's certainly a huge place in my heart for traditional food done right without smoke and lights. †The octopus (pulpo a la gallega) was the best I've had in an NYC Spanish restaurant; so tender, not chewy and well-seasoned. †The tortilla espan~ola was tasty but kinda dry. †We asked our waiter for some kind of sauce and he brought us an aioli and this amazingly refreshing and tasty tomato-based sauce. †Both just elevated the yum factor exponentiallly, so it would have been ideal if the dish came with these sauces to begin with. †The meatballs were great; so soft and tender. †The flavor of the meat was good, but elevated to "PFFFF OMG WTF" by spooning over they brandy sauce it come in. †The cod fish croquetas were spectacular; a soft fried volcano of cheesy deliciousness with the nice contrasting saltiness of the fish. †Finally, for dessert (which I usually skip but the prices are really good and figured the rest of the good was so good, might as well try it), got the tarta de santiago, which our Spanish waiter advertised as "just like my mom made at home"....and well, all I can say is that I deeply envy our waiter's childhood food. My thing about NTB is that although the food is great, the most important that is that it reminds me of what dining out in NYC is supposed to be, but sadly (at least in my experiences) is not often enough the case. †So many times, in this crazy city, we get plowed into restaurants like herds of credit card-wielding, too lazy to cook, want to impress my date stupidheads. †So we go, are made to wait for a table despite having a reservation, get more of a forced grit of the teeth rather than a smile, get our food, shovel it down, pay and GTFO so the restaurant can repeat. †This has been so common for me that I stopped caring about eating out and took up cooking in earnest....until...until NTB made me believe in eating out in NYC again. † The whole wait staff (incl. bus boys) was awesome. †It really felt like we had made a good six friends by the end of the night. †The flamenco music/dancing to which past reviewers have alluded is amazing and, on its own merit, worth going to NTB. †And then even when the performers are taking a break, the restaurant plays good Spanish rock (which, if you're not a fan, is like if GnR, Bon Jovi, etc. had Mexican cousins). † And we were not even rushed in the slightest while we downed wine and chatted with the staff. †I have never raved on and on about my dining experience so much after a meal....so much that I'm pretty sure my girlfriend contemplated ditching me between 1st Avenue to Union Square just so I would finally STFU about it.
5721	7	2012-01-19	Heck yes. Went here on a date and it was great. It was a little hidden, so it took a minute to find. Really glad we did though. Started off with an Estrella (because it was on tap, and it is a Spanish restaurant after all), then moved (begrudgingly) to sangria. It was really good, even though it is winter time. For dinner we shared several plates. We started off with a plate of assorted meats and cheeses (Una Tabla de Quesos Y Embutidos). These were varied and interesting, definitely a good place to start. Next we had the octopus (Pulpo A La Gallega), and it was stunning. The octopus was velvety, and perfectly seasoned. Get it! Last we had the meatballs (Albondiguillas Estofadas), and they were delicious. You are probably thinking, "Meatballs? Really?" But don't think, just do. The sauce was tasty (make sure you have some bread). I will definitely be back, hopefully on a night when they have flamenco.
5722	7	2012-01-18	i was excited about nai and while they delivered on being a tapas bar, nothing really stood out as extraordinary. octopus salad was good - octopus was cooked more well done than i'd like but not rubbery. tomato, ham, and manchego bread met expectations little meatballs were perfect appetizer size, mediocre on taste patatas bravas were odd. †rather than the usual pepper sauce, the sauce tasted more like siracha.
5723	7	2012-01-18	The service was excellent, the food was quite good (especially the mussels and chorizo with onions)... The mango sangria was deceptively light, but gave a nice buzz. Overall, I would go again!
5724	7	2012-01-18	Traditional tapas and red wine with a side of live flamenco? †Yes, please. I went to Nai Tapas with my date on Saturday night without a reservation, and was seated immediately. †Although the restaurant seems small from the outside (it's half underground), the space is sizable with many tables and quite a few bar seats. †The tapas were rich and flavorful morsels - my date's favorite was the grilled octopus in olive oil, and mine was the garlic sauteed shrimp. We were impressed with the long menu - many options came in smaller tapas servings ($5-10) and in larger portions as well (more like $10-15). †We were full and happy after 5 tapas-sized dishes and a bottle of wine. †The best part was the flamenco band in between courses (!)... I'm not sure if that's a weekly performance, but it definitely should be. †This is one of those places that's great for a date night but would also be fun for drinks and food with a larger group of friends.
5725	7	2012-01-17	We really enjoyed this restaurant. †The food was fresh and tasty and the service was excellent. †Our waiter made very good suggestions as to what and how much to order. †I would definitely go back.
5726	7	2012-01-11	I recently dined at Nai with a large group (20+). Based on reviews, it seemed like the restaurant would be able to accomodate a large party without a problem. While the food was good, it took over 2 hours for us to receive a morsel. We tried the blueberry champagne sangria, and it tasted watered-down and funky. Maybe I caught them on a bad night? I'll have to go back to find out.
5727	7	2012-01-10	I LOVE this place. EVERYONE IS NICE, THEY WELCOME YOU LIKE LONG LOST FRIENDS. Nai also has an excellent flamenco show. And everything on the menu is awesome. (They even did a few great vegetarian dishes just for my husband.) I will always return.
5728	7	2012-01-09	Amazing food, great service, fun place to go. One of those places you stumble upon that will stick with you forever. The food is amazing and there is a great wine selection. They have live flamenco shows.
5729	7	2012-01-07	A delightful little place Came here for dinner with a few friends on a tuesday night. We were greeted by an extremely friendly and helpful waiter who took us through the menu in detail and made our life much simpler with the ordering. We started with a tasty mango sangria and moved to about 8-10 tapas style dishes. The food was great. Simple but great. My favorites were - pork meatballs - lobster crepes - chorizos - clams I really like this place. No BS. Just good food and good service. The bill came up to about 30-35$ per head.
5730	7	2012-01-02	Went here on a Monday for dinner with my girlfriend. †We decided that we need to come back asap because it was that good! The service was impeccable - so friendly and attentive. The food was amazing. We had the mussels in the paprika sauce, the chicken in the garlic sauce, the octopus with sea salt and paprika and the shrimp in garlic sauce. †All were awesome! Nai Tapas is a go-to restaurant in Manhattan.
5731	7	2011-12-31	We came here last year for new years and had an unbelievable time, so we decided to come back to the city and try Nai Tapas again. I asked the best waiter, Raul, for mineral water, but they didn't have it. No big deal. I just ordered water. Five minutes later he walks over with a bottle of mineral!!! They actually sent someone to the store to get me a bottle of pellegrino!!! Now THAT'S service! Everything we got(tortilla espa√±ola, solomillo, chorizo alla plancha, pulpo, Almejas Nai, calamares, chipirones en su tinta, patatas bravas, pollo al ajillo, sherry, chocolate lava cake, cr√©me br√ªl√©e ice cream-actually cream catalana ice cream, espresso, cava) was absolutely delicious!!!!!!!!!! Btw there were seven of us. They actually did the 12 grapes at midnight, which is always hilarious( it's a Spanish tradition)! The flamenco show was fabulous! It was a perfect New Years! Love, love, love this place!
5732	7	2011-12-30	Fantastic tapas place! Really charming venue, really charming waiter (knows what he is talking about!), and the food was off the chain. MUST try the octopus. Really. It melts in your mouth.. soo delicious. Also, the croquetas with ham and the blood sausage are very well executed. I've been to tapas places where they charge twice as much for inferior food. This place has really got it right. The only negative thing I can say is that the sangrias were weak, but next time, I'll just order wine. Cannot wait to go back!
5733	7	2011-12-29	Great place, good food and ambiance, affordable prices.
5734	7	2011-12-28	If I had to sum it up in 1 word it would be SPECTACULAR! I loved the entire experience from the service to the decor to the food--nothing short of spectacular. I will definitely come back.
5735	7	2011-12-24	Vrry friendly place and food is good. Not amazing, but tasty. Sangria made with champagne is very nice option for soething different. Excelleny bread with olive oil. Best dish we had was chorizio wrapped in a thin potatoe wrap. All in all a fine place to go. †comfortable. But not the finest tapas in theworld either. Extra credit for great welcoming service.
5736	7	2011-12-21	I came here to celebrate my birthday and was absolutely blown away the level of service and attention provided to me and my group. The owner not only provided free sangria for the table, he also ensured that the birthday people had a flamenco lesson with the dancers! The food was quite good as well - generous sized portions that were reasonably priced. Some dishes were better than others - the choriza a la sidra was delicious, the tortilla espanola should be skipped. Overall, a wonderful birthday celebration and I would not hesitate to recommend this place to others given the level of service provided.
5737	7	2011-12-14	This place was good, but I was very excited after seeing the 4.5* on Yelp, and not quite sure it lived up to the hype. I arrived a little before my lady friend, and was seated right away, even without my full party (pleasant surprise after reading about everyone's horrible experiences with having to wait to be seated). I was there early-ish on a Friday, but the place was pretty packed and had a nice vibe. Wait staff was friendly, and recommended a blueberry pomegranate sangria pitcher. This was pretty good, but nothing too exciting. The food menu is pretty extensive, and everything comes in a "small" or "large" portion. The "small" portions truely are small, but still great if you want to try a bunch of different things. Prices are right too. Food highlights were: -spanish octopus in oil with salt and paprika. This was cooked to perfection -clams in spicy creole sauce -blanched white asparagus -meatballs I also tried the patatas bravas after reading the rave reviews. can't say it was anything special (my dining companion described it as tasting like tater tots with hot sauce), but for the $4 price I cant really complain. Overall it was a fun night out, but not the best tapas I've had in the city (still a toss up between Las Ramblas and Alta)
5738	7	2011-12-12	We read the reviews and decided to give it a try. We couldn't find any photos online from the restaurant and didn't know what to expect. It is a very nice, rustic and low key restaurant, quite small, with a bar. The food was excellent and authentic. The service was very friendly, attentive and accommodating. They really took good care of us. The champagne sangria.... Delicious! It was just what we needed. The flamenco at the end of the meal was a treat. We are looking forward to our next visit.
5739	7	2011-12-06	Five stars for exceeding expectations! The tapas were delectable and affordable and promptly delivered (we were in a rush). The service was friendly and warm--like we were regulars, even though it was our first visit. The sangria was just the thing to loosen us up after a long day at work before going to a concert at Webster Hall. Very pleased with this find, and looking forward to going back.
5740	7	2011-12-06	Nai's easily rises to that top echelon of east village tapas restaurants. Delicious sangria to start, a boundless medley of dishes of for all tastes, and live flamenco and music right in the center of the restaurant. Our favorites were the champagne sangria, the pork meatballs and the potatoes with chorizo. We had a few dishes with anchovies or sardines on bread that were hit or miss, so I'd err on the side of red meats next time. Our servers were also attentive and accommodating throughout (with the exception of an unfortunate spill onto one of our guests). HOWEVER, waiting over an hour with a reservation is simply too long. Our reservation was at 10, and we still hadn't received our food by midnight. It's tough to be too angry at the staff here due to their friendliness, but these are the facts, plain and simple. Our party of 14 was obscenely hungry and moderately bitter by the time our food came. Maybe they're less crowded on weeknights? I don't think I'll go back on a weekend.
5741	7	2011-12-05	Normally I get pretty antsy when there's a long wait & I have a reservation, but Nai had such great service, food, atmosphere, and Sangria... that those anxious feelings were quelled. First off, I've learned not to get angry when you have to wait for a rezzie, b/c while you can argue that a restaurant should understand its turnover when seating & taking reservations... you have to remember in smaller joints like this you have no idea how your clientele is going to be on any given night. †When we got there for our 8:45 pm reservation, there were lingerers. Lingerers my friends are the enemy. †Those people that sit at a table long after the check has been paid and those painful minutes tick on by while they occupy space without bringing about any business for the restaurant as well as preventing them from seating new business. Don't fault a place for that... it's not like they can go over and be like beat it. Anyhow, that's what happened to us which is why we sat at the bar for a few drinks (complimentary of Nai) while waiting for our table to free up. †Needless to say, everything from the bartender, to the servers were great. They were very friendly and acknowledged the wait by apologizing profusely. On to the food/drinks. YUM! We tried two different types of Sangria, the Pomegranate and the red wine. †I preferred the red wine b/c it had more of a kick and I'm not into sweet drinks but the Pomegranate was still very fresh. †I love tapas and especially if the menu is authentic enough that you make funny slurring noises when you try to pronounce the dishes after a few glasses of sangria that you finally resort to pointing to the menu. Here's the ranking of the dishes we tried with 1 being the highest: 1.Albondiguillas Estofada - meatballs were deliciously seasoned and tender. They were actually the last dish we had, and by that time I was so absurdly full but made room for them 2. Pulpo A La Gallega - octupus. Yummmm and tender 3.Esp√°rragos Navarros - great flavor and refreshing asparagus 4/5 Empanadillas De Carne & Patatas Alioli - i can't help but love empandas & potatoes! The potatoes were unlike anything I've ever had... creamy garlic 6.Pimientos De Piquillo Rellenos - I don't really know when I'm ranking this 6...I remember enjoying it but since it didn't leave an impression like the former 5... I have to put it here. But don't let that keep you away! 7. Blood sausage - my bf loved it, but just not my taste. I was expecting a spicier sausage but the sauce made it sort of sweet (which isn't necessarily bad) 8.Crepes De Txangurro - this was really the only thing I really didn't care for...the crab was more of a cream cheesy texture making this almost like a fishy dessert
5742	7	2011-12-05	Fact of the day: Sangria means "bloody" in Spanish! We wanted to get a drink and a bite before an early concert in the East Village, so we let the yelpers guide our decision... and we were led to Nai. †It was an excellent choice. We let the waiter (who might also be the owner?) choose our tapas plates. †He urgently insisted that we get the octopus, it's his favorite. †And we had some clams in house sauce, and fried cod crostinis. The house sauce wasn't thrilling, so I wasn't crazy about the clams plate, but the octopus was pretty awesome, and the crostinis were delicious. All of this pales next to the sangria though... They make a big vat of sliced up fruit every day and then the mix a ladle-full of the fruit with your choice of red or white wine. †We had a pitcher of red first (because the waiter/owner said it was best) and then we had another pitcher of white. †Hehe. †It was yummy. †BOTH were yummy, but if you want some authenticity, go for red... after all, red is more "bloody."
5743	7	2011-11-23	Best octopus I've had!!! U need to make a reservation a week or 2 in advance for more then 3 ppl on thurs and sat cause of flamenco!! But usually go with my gf and get a set at the bar!!! Service is great and so is the food
5744	7	2011-11-23	Their sangria is delicious but not strong enough. †I had almost a full pitcher and was barely buzzed. †I went there for a dinner party and they were accommodating and nice. The host was nice too except when he asked if we included a tip when we were paying for our food, which I think was rude. I hate when waiters (or in this case: host) ask or demand a tip! Dude, I've been to restaurants before I know I have to tip! Don't ask me for it. We order almost all the "tapas" (and raciones) on the menu. †I think some of them were a bit overpriced for their size. †I recommend the shrimp in garlic sauce, croquetas de pollo (these were delicious), mejillones avoa (mussels), albondigas, and the fried calamari. We had cheesecake and the chocolate lava cake for dessert. They were both average. Nothing special. I am a huge flamenco lover and was looking forward to their Saturday show. †The flamenco show was a bit disappointing. The dancers and singers were good, but they took long breaks. †It's supposed to go from 8:30-11:00PM and I think we only heard 4 songs. †Plus it was very difficult to see, listen, and enjoy the show. †This was probably due to the lack of space available and the setting of the tables. † They are good at handling reservations and accommodating large groups. †So i definitely recommend that. †The ambiance is perfect. I did feel like I was in some Tapas Bar/Restaurant in Spain!
5745	7	2011-11-20	Went with a large group (had a reservation) and the service was excellent. †It has a quaint, cozy feel. †The staff was very friendly. †The food was delicious! †Sangria very good. †The flamenco show was a nice touch. †Excellent place, would definitely go back.
5746	7	2011-11-19	It would have been 5 stars if we didn't have to wait a half hour after our 10:45 pm reservation to be seated. It was a Friday, and the place was packed. †I felt forgotten while sitting at the bar (we were lucky that a couple left a few minutes after we got there). We had to approach the host after awhile to make sure he remembered we were there. But the food. †Ahhh...finally, Spanish tapas. †Only thing their menu lacked was foie. †You have a choice of tapas (small portion) and raciones (large portion). My faves: Boquerones- vinegary anchovies and minced garlic on toast. Ordered twice. Love. Aceitunas-olives stuffed with anchovy Bacalao frito-the dipping sauce was really good Mejillones Avoa-mussels in a paprika broth. After the mussels were gone, I used an empty shell to slurp up the remaining liquid. Mmmmm. Amor. Chocolate lava cake-very delicate, almost perfect. †Needed more. Mango and red sangria-wanted the mango, and it was very good. Sweet and very fruity. †I then ordered the red to save face after ordering a mango 'sangria'. The red was pretty damn good as well. Not my faves: Morcilla-Not a fan of blood sausage. My guy liked it though. Sardinas a la plancha-large whole sardines on toast. I'm more a fan of fish fillets. And this was another one my guy really liked so... Lomo adobado-pork loin and roasted peppers with bread. †It was ok. Nothing exciting about it. Raul, our waiter was very attentive and helpful in giving suggestions (He's Basque btw). Can't wait to go back and try some of their other stuff.
5747	7	2011-11-18	Great, great food. †All the tapas I had were fantastic and I tried almost everything on the menu. †I went on a wed/thurs and there was a band (father and son) who played really good Spanish music and two women who danced to the rhythm. †Went with a group of friends and enjoyed the night. †Good sangria, too!
5748	7	2011-11-16	Great ambiance!! Dancers and singers!! Wonderful wait staff and delish food!!
5749	7	2011-11-14	Nai is one of those places I'm really surprised I haven't heard raves about just yet. It's a quaint tapas bar inconspicuously tucked into the East Village, whose open doors show a cozy cellar bar where people are happily enjoying pitchers of sangria and munching on tables full of tapas. Came on a Friday night, on a whim after walking by. We were rather impressed by the service. It was crowded in there, but they were able to seat us within 10 minutes. Our waiter suggested the mango sangria, which was served to us probably less than two minutes later, and very clearly did not disappoint. What I liked most about the sangria was that you could order it by the glass, half pitcher( $16) or full pitcher. The sangria was a slightly sweet, wonderfully boozy golden liquid speckled with fresh apples and oranges. It pretty much made my night. Moving on, the other reason that I'm dolling out one of my 5 stars is because this is one of the few tapas bars that don't make you fall into the dreaded "tapas trap". You know what I'm talking about- those silly tapas bars that charge $10 for a plate that require a magnifying glass to see your food and call them selves cheap eats, when you end up spending an arm and a leg to fill yourself up. Nai is not one of these places. Their dishes come in small and large portions, with the small plates running around $6 and the large running about $11-15. They also serve you a ton of super fresh bread, so our twosome was happy with sharing 4 small plates and it didn't break the bank. The food is also rather noteworthy. Their tapas are Spanish, and done well; a rarity in this city. The mejalones avos (mussels in a paprika wine sauce) were wonderfully fresh and sitting in a salty paprika broth. The patatas bravas (potatoes) were awesome and the white asparagus no joke melted in my freaking mouth. Also noteable were the pimientos ala morue, red peppers stuffed with cod and pan fried, served on small slices of crispy bread. This place is just legit. The service is great, the food is fantastic and exceptionally affordable. I'm excited to go back and munch on more of their eats, and especially excited to sample more of their sangria.
5750	7	2011-11-09	Good food, great service in a nice space. Wine selection was inexpensive and good. give it a shot!
5751	7	2011-11-05	WOW!! †Phenomenal tapas & sangria!! †Love that this place is great for groups and takes reservations. †Came here Friday night for a birthday dinner and just fell in love with the food. †We were party of six and practically ordered almost the entire menu list. Top favorites were the Mejillones Avoa, Croquetas De Pollo, and Bacalao Frito. †We lost count how many pitchers of sangria we had - it was simply refreshing and delicious! Service and our waiter were friendly, attentive, & so accommodating. †Thank you for a fabulous dining experience. †Definitely welcomes you back and I will be back!
5752	7	2011-10-21	I can't enough of this restaurant! The staff is always nice and welcoming, the manager always visits your table to make sure that everything is alright and the best part of it THE FOOD. You will never be disapointed. The mix of the Spanish music and the excellent food and drink (did I mention how awesome was the Mango Sangria) will make your experience unforgettable. Will go back there at least on weekly basis.
5753	7	2011-10-20	I met a friend here recently, and overall it was a great experience. Amazing blueberry champagne sangria ($20 pitcher on a Tuesday) and friendly service. My only complaint was that there weren't many vegetarian-friendly options. In a place where you order multiple things for the table to share, its nice to have plenty of options for everyone. I do eat some seafood on occasion, so that gave me a few extra choices. We had the potatoes with spicy tomato sauce, calamari, one of the salads, some pork dish (not for me, obvi), and crabmeat crepes (too fishy). We were too full to finish everything! I've heard there are flamenco dancers some nights - I'd love to come back then for another pitcher of sangria!
5754	7	2011-10-17	Came here twice for the flamenco show and it was amazing!!! The staff and delicious pitchers of sangria def will put you u in a great mood! The food was good, but def not as memorable as the show or the sangria! ;)
5755	7	2011-10-13	LOve it ! Food is delicioso !!! I never ever in my life had such a tasty aceitunas (olives). Sangria is fruity and refreshing ( I had white mango sangria ) Music is authentic Spanish ( not Latin ) Service is great ( handsome spanish macho , who will help to satisfy any of your culinary desires fast and promptly ) Decor is nice and inviting . Only issue I have - that tables are to wide , so to be able to hear your companion you must seat on same side of table , not in front of each other . Prices are good also )
5756	7	2011-10-09	Offers a phenomenal (and phenomenally delicious) selection of Spanish tapas as well as multiple flavors of sangria. They even did a live Flamenco show right next to our table! It wasn't too pricey, either. For our group of 7, the total came out to $21/person, sangria included. It was a bit loud, but I think that the atmosphere is designed to cater to larger groups. Go with 6+ people, and expect to have a great time!
5757	7	2011-10-01	I sooo wanted to like Nai. †The atmosphere is so lively & the host & waiter were really lovely, but I didn't enjoy my meal one bit. I started the evening with tropical sangria, which I did not enjoy. I shared four tapas - salpicon de mariscos, crabmeat crepes, mussels, & patatas bravas. † The salpicon dish had a few shrimp, 2 or 3 mussels, a scallop that was sliced into 3 pieces, & a few pieces of octopus over a mound of chopped tomatoes & red & green peppers. †This annoyed me because: 1) there was not nearly enough seafood to warrant the $18 price tag 2) the dish was completely devoid of any flavor 3) the description didn't say the grilled (i.e., hot) seafood came with cold chopped veg. †Had I known that, I would not have ordered it. †I f-cking hate green peppers & I don't order tomatoes out because I hate getting stuck with the mealy variety that are white inside. The crabmeat crepes had a strange taste & texture - not terrible, but strange. The mussels tasted ok, but they were sooo tiny. † The patatas had a sauce that tasted like cooked ketchup & vinegar. My waiter asked at least twice if my friend & I enjoyed our meal. †He seemed so nice that I didn't have the heart to tell him I didn't. †It's because of the friendly staff that I don't have the heart to give Nai the 1 star that my meal deserved. Most of the reviews for Nai are so positive - did I order every bad plate on the menu? =(
5758	7	2011-09-26	Having spent a while in Spain, I was pleased with this place. The dishes had quite authentic flavours (nice, but simple) and the service was excellent. We got four raciones and 2 tapas between 4 hungry men and it was just right. It gets pretty loud at weekends because they have a flamenco dance performance and music. All in good fun though.
5759	7	2011-09-22	Amazing food, service, and entertainment. The food was great and very reasonably priced, service was attentive, and the flamenco was amazing. But, don't go here, I want to keep it all for myself.
5760	7	2011-09-22	Great place. They had awesome live Spanish music with dancers. Food was amazing and reasonably priced.
5761	7	2011-09-21	Nai Tapas Bar is a dream come true! I made a reservation for 8 for my birthday brunch. This little spot caught my eye as I was walking around in EV because it looked so cute + intimate! Plus there was a sign that said $12.95 brunch special for Paella & a glass of Sangria! This is an AMAZING deal IMHO because the glass of sangria is $6-7 alone. I popped in one evening with a buddy for some drinks and the owner (I'm so sorry I didn't catch his name - he was amazing!) made the sangria right in front of us from scratch. I had the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria - delish! Our paella took a while to come out (they warned us it takes around 30 mins) but our huge goblets of sangria filled that time up just fine! The brunch deal comes with a choice of either seafood paella or seafood + meat combo paella and a glass of sangria, wine, or beer. One of the girls in my group decided against the drinks so the owner brought out an extra one for me (the bday girl!) and my friend (the belated bday girl!). SUPER SWEET! He always checked up on us and was very accommodating when my friends brought out two giant cakes and sang happy birthday! A table away a few girls were eating brunch and they brought out a small cake with candles for her too! I looooove when restaurants do a little something special for their patrons when they are celebrating. The paella was so good! The chicken and chorizo were so juicy and flavorful - def go with the combo if you're in between (unless you don't eat meat) bc it's the best of †both worlds! The portions are pretty substantial so make sure to come hungry. We didn't order any tapas but the menu looked really appetizing :) At the end of our meal, the manager divy'd up the checks for us (manually!). It was such a pleasant meal :) A shame that there weren't too many people on a Sunday during brunch hours, but I'm sure it won't stay that way for long with reviews like mine & everyone elses before me!
5762	7	2011-09-07	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE. David and Carlos are such beautiful people. I love to come here for Happy Hour and most of the time, I end up staying until they close. They have a small seating area outside that is so great for spring/summer nights. Their food is spectacular. I recommend the lightly fried cod, white asparagus, mussels and clams, and chorizo. They have various flavors of Sangria. My favorite is definitely the Pomegranate Blueberry and Mango. Champagne and Tropical are also lovely flavors. This is truly a neighborhood gem, and I make my way out there every week there due to the lovely experience that I get every time.
5763	7	2011-09-03	I had dinner last night with my two girl friends and it was an excellent choice for a Friday night! It's not crowded which is rare for a Friday night in the city but don't be fool by the emptiness because this place serves the best TAPAS that I've ever tasted. Try the Octopus and you won't be disappointed. The Spanish Omelet was okay, nothing special. † Water and Sangria Red was constantly refilled, and I manage to drink a lot of water any time I go out so that was nice. † Service was top notch, the server was very friendly! I can't even remember when was the last time I had this kind of friendliness in a restaurant in New York City. Everyone was friendly from the busboy to the waiter and up to the bartender. Polite + Friendly! And get this, when they waiter presented the food to us, the way he explain the food is like you're watching a Food Network channel. He was so passionate! A must try and definitely planning to go there again with some of my friends!
5764	7	2011-08-17	Great Service, Happy Hour and most importantly really good food. Great date spot if you're trying to impress but not break the bank.
5765	7	2011-08-01	Incredible flamenco show (free- Thursdays & Saturdays) as part of your dining. Be warned it is LOUD!! So don't expect to hear anyone at your table. The food was TASTY. †The meat and cheeses made me feel like I was in Spain. The white Sangria was execellent. Great place for drinks/tapas.
5766	7	2011-07-30	Two friends suggested we go here, and I'm glad they did. I've walked past the place many times and have wanted to try it out, but it always seemed very busy (and now I know why). We met at 7 p.m. on a Thursday night, which was a good time to go. It wasn't busy yet although it kept filling up as we were there. The service was top-notch and the food was delicious. The empanadas and croquettes were especially good, as was the Spanish Omelet. I'm looking forward to going again and trying more of the dishes. It's a great gem of a place with nice staff and a good ambience.
5767	7	2011-07-18	We were a party of 10 that had a reservation on a Saturday night for my brother's birthday dinner. The restaurant was a home run for a birthday celebration. The food was very good, reasonable. The staff was attentive and friendly. The flamenico show was awesome. The dancers take themselves very seriously. They performed from 8:30- 11pm with breaks in between. †At the end of their show, they sang happy birthday to my brother AND then they had him come onto the dance floor to dance with one of the female dancers. This was the highlight of our night.
5768	7	2011-07-17	Sunday brunch at Nai was awesome! We arrived around mid-brunch and were promptly seated. We even got a table outside which was great since it was a lovely day and plenty of people were walking by. My boyfriend and I got the paella brunch which is both a great deal and delicious! For only $13, you get a giant paella which was well made and a sangria, wine, or beer. I don't think you'll find a deal this good elsewhere in Manhattan. Despite the deal, the paella was some of the best I've had in the City, and I am a paella fiend. I got the seafood paella and he got the mixed paella. They both feature fresh clams, mussels, shrimp, and scallops. The only difference between the two is that the mixed paella also had giant chunks of chicken and chorizo and the seafood paella had an extra langostino. The rice was perfect, cooked to a wonderful texture with just enough saffron. I thought the sangria was pretty tasty, too, with the fruit that was soaked in alcohol for a delicious amount of time. But on top of all of that, the service was excellent. The server was SO pleasant and really attended to all our needs. He even changed our waters mid-way through the meal because the ice had melted. All in all a wonderful experience. I think they just started their paella brunch menu so I really wanted to get this review up. Wanted to share this gem of a find!
5769	7	2011-07-09	I really can't remember when I've had nicer service. Everyone, from the busboy to the host to the waiter, was so courteous and polite. When my boyfriend dropped a knife, he was given a new one in a napkin--the kind of touch that you would expect at a much more expensive restaurant. While we were there, a fight broke out among a group of about twelve guys! The (amazing) flamenco performers were right in the middle of a piece, and the dancer carried on as if nothing was happening, although she was about a foot from the flying fists. Total pro! We were late making a reservation, and the waiter was all apologies that we weren't able to sit right next to the dancers--so much more kind than he needed to be. I can't recommend this place highly enough. Oh, and get the meatballs!
5770	7	2011-06-17	So happy my wife stumbled upon this place when she was looking for a restaurant with a flamenco show on Yelp - thank's fellow Yelpers! † We liked this place so much that we went back with another group of friends less than a week later and they agree'd its great. †The food is awesome, the waiters are very attentive, and the flamenco show is amazing. † Our waiter Raul recommended the meatballs, spicy potatoes, crab filled crepes, cod stuffed peppers, which was all followed up with some white wine sangria. We loved everything, can't wait to go back to try the meat dishes.
5771	7	2011-06-05	A nice spot for Sangria and tapas. I had the escargot, the crab meat crepes and a few other items. The food was good the Sangrias were the best. You have to try the Blueberry and the Mango great. The service was fast and friendly. I got to go back for the Sangria.
5772	7	2011-06-05	I went there last night and the food was phenomenal. So full of flavor. Our waiter was so attentive and gave us great suggestions about what to order. We did the tapas size of the calimari, shrimp in green sauce and the crabmeat crepes. We also got the cheese platter because I love cheese - even though the cheese was a little on the pricey side. Great red sangria as well. It was a very enjoyable experience overall. I felt like I was back in Spain .
5773	7	2011-05-16	WOWZER! What an amazing gem of a place. How do people hang out in the Meatpacking district and get boozed up with snobbery when such amazing, culturally sophisticated places exist, is beyond me. The food was so good! the drinks were amazing and what more can you ask for other than a live, 5 piece flamenco show with 2 female dancers, one male dancer, two guitarists and vocalists. come on a sat and/or thurs night for the live flamenco. i recommend going and not missing it, if at all possible.
5774	7	2011-05-13	Fantastic service and delicious food! Best Tortilla Espanola in the City. The service is super friendly and accomodating.
5775	7	2011-05-05	This place caught our eye last week and we stopped in for dinner last night. It was a Wednesday, so there was only one other table being used. †The decor is nice and (obviously) we were seated right away. We asked how many dishes people usually order and were told two per person. This worked out well. We ordered pork with roasted peppers, patatas bravas, shrimp in garlic sauce, and the octopus with paprika. †The pork was the outstanding dish, followed by the patatas. The shrimp was solid but I would have liked a little more garlic to it. †As another commenter noted, the octopus was boiled, I like it prepared grilled, so I think we would skip it next time. It's too bad because the flavor was great, the consistency was just unpleasant. Water was constantly refilled, and I manage to drink a lot of water any time I go out so that was nice. †Service was top notch and we definitely plan to head back. Beer and wine only.
5776	7	2011-04-18	I was really upset when Floridita Tapas closed in West Harlem, but cheered by the fact that they moved downtown into the former Xunta on First Ave near 11th. †This place is so welcoming, so wonderful, and such an improvement on the scurvy Xunta. †Food is excellent, music is real Spanish, and the nights they have live flamenco are amazing - make reservations. †Viva Nai!
5777	7	2011-04-09	This place kicks ass!!
5778	7	2011-04-04	As a group of nine on a Friday night, my friends and I were looking for a place to eat. Luckily we passed by the restaurant and saw a big table available. We were seated quickly. We ordered 8 dishes and a pitcher of sangria. I can't remember the name of the dishes but the escargot, chicken & potato, and the salmon croquette? were excellent. The mussels, seafood salad, side of potatoes, and crab crepes were okay too. This place lets you choose the size of each dish. We ordered mostly the "larger" size since we were a big group. Each of us paid about $17 - totally affordable. The only thing I didn't like was the cold bread but the sauce from the food made great dipping sauces!
5779	7	2011-04-03	Affordable, tasty food. †Lovely wait staff. †Great bar. †Live flamenco music/dancing on Saturday night. †Good crowd. †Wasn't too crowded. †Enjoyed it very much. †Wine was good. †Tortilla espanola was delish.
5780	7	2011-03-05	Quick! -- Check this place out before the hipsters find it! I stopped in here this evening to munch on some tapas and check out the live Flamenco music. †What a great find! †The music was wonderful, and the atmosphere was even better. †Good food, interesting mix of people, tasty sangria, and a fun, unpretentious vibe. † Also, the service is very good -- friendly and professional. †I particularly liked the bartender tonight, who was flying around doing ten things at once to keep up with all the orders pouring in, but she dropped what she was doing the moment my food order was up and brought it to me still piping hot. †I know it's a small thing, but I've had so many experiences at other bars where I watched with helpless longing as my food cooled off at the other end of the bar, I really appreciated that she didn't let that happen. They're doing free live Flamenco with musicians and dancers performing every Thursday and Saturday night, and I will most definitely be back for more!
5781	7	2011-02-24	An ok Spanish tapas place in the East Village that does happy hour until 7 - and their sangria at $5 was really stong and good. †About the food - it was all right. †I wished it was a bit tastier, but the service, ambiance, and drinks made up for it. †I would return for a small meal here for sure.
5782	7	2011-02-18	This place has become my go-to when I need my Spanish food fix. †It brings me right back to Spain with the friendly atmosphere and delicious tapas and sangria. †The waiters are super attentive and friendly. †I went there on Valentine's Day and my boyfriend had bought me flowers so they brought over a vase with water to keep the flowers in during the meal. †I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a down to earth, yummy, night in the east village. †Good for groups as well.
5783	7	2011-01-06	mola mucho! came here last night with a big group of friends for a bday party... we had an awesome time. i lived in madrid for a year, and i truly felt i was back there... from the look to the music to the accent of our waiter (racion pronounced "rathion" :) . the food was quite good and they did a good job recommending items to us (with 9 people ordering little plates, i was nervous we were going to end up with 18 servings of patatas bravas) as well as timing the serving of the food. the staff was super friendly and nice, and brought my friend dessert and sang and then even after we had paid, sent over two more pitchers of white sangria (which was very tasty) gratis. definitely recommend...and i want to go back on a night that there is a flamenco show!
5784	7	2011-01-01	Wow!What a great little place!We stumbled upon it by accident, and I'm so glad we did! Very cozy atmosphere of Espa√±a with the extremely friendly staff and great music. We came on the flamenco night and it was unforgettable! Tapas, little portions of seafood,potatoes or chorizo, turned out to be so much fun, you are supposed to share it with your friends.There are 2 prices for a smaller and bigger portions. For 3 people the smaller portion was enough. We ordered 6 tapas and a salad. Sangrias were delicious and the bill turned out to be so much less than we expected! I definitely will come back there again and tell all my friends about this gem! Ol√©!
5785	7	2010-12-21	I had dinner yesterday at Nai Tapas with my wife, excellent choice ! Very good prices, tasteful sangria, we had some stuffed mussels with bechamel, Tortilla, Tropical Salad, Croquetas, Calamari and Octopus, not a bad comment about the food, the waiter was very attentive at all time and is in a great location and good music, I heard they have flamenco on thursdays, We will be back very soon,
5786	7	2010-12-16	love it! great food and amazing prices. fantastic staff. †flamenco shows. killer happy hour prices & ideal location. what more could you want?
5787	8	2014-12-20	Ordered food for my work from here and it was delicious. Everyone enjoyed it and I really loved everything! ! Especially the causa and the empanadas. †Although the causa was spicy which I don't eat I didn't want to stop! Yumm!!! The empanadas are so different than those that I've tried.
5788	8	2014-11-13	Tried this place out a couple times already, usually for lunch but one time for dinner. I had ordered the Jalea and my girlfriend ordered the arroz chaufa (chicken fried rice)After eating at several Peruvian restaurants I have to say it was one of the best two dishes I've ever had! It tasted so fresh and not like it was loaded with oil and preservatives. The decor is plain and nothing special but the food alone is worth five stars.
5789	8	2014-08-28	Great service and delicious food i love this restaurant
5790	8	2014-12-25	So my friend and I were looking for a local Peruvian restaurant since NYC's First Annual Peruvian Restaurant Week was barricaded behind an hour's worth of holiday traffic (worst time of the year to hold a restaurant week in regards to people living outside the city). After taking a look at a few places, we ultimately decided to go here due to its proximity to other bars. From the street at night, this place looks like a bodega only opened during the day. Getting a closer look inside, it really doesn't look much better unfortunately. A few tables in an open space (open is an understatement) and a TV showing cartoons was almost enough to make me turn around and go into the neighboring Cuban spot. Fortunately, we decided to press on and get some Peruvian food. The owners were very hospitable, offering up the dishes they had available (no causitas that night). Instead, we got papa la huancaina, tallarin verde and lomo saltado. The papa la huancaina lacked flavor. Needed both more spice and more salt. Luckily, I love potatoes and the slices were of good size. The tallarin verde also lacked flavor. Again, more salt was needed. Luckily, again the portions were big. Lots of linguini. BIG piece of steak on top. Took half of it home for a full meal. Added hot sauce for much needed flavor. Now for the lomo saltado. LOTS of flavor. Maybe a hair too much soy sauce, but there were plenty other ingredients that weren't too overpowered. They also offered 3 types of hot sauce - green, orange and red - which were all very tasty. The orange one being the hottest. So to sum up. Points off for the empty atmosphere. Hospitality is a plus. Food is bland, but very much salvageable with a little salt and hot sauce. Portions are enough for two whole meals. Overall, I'd probably go here often if I was local. Pick up some good eats and have a couple days worth of food.
5791	8	2014-10-04	First time in this place and the food was amazing. The special they had was so fresh and good. I tried the carapulcra and my friend had chaufinita which was really good. The drive was worth it.
5792	8	2014-08-30	first impression, place looks a little sketchy and the decor is very dated. once you get past that, the Peruvian bread is pretty good and the lomo saltado is up there with the best I've had. very juicy and flavorful. their salsa verde is very tasty and got good kick. definitely worth trying again.
5793	8	2014-07-13	Had the jalea and papa la huancanie( something like that) delicious delicious delicious! This place is a hidden gem. We order chicken and the lomo saltado again and it was consistent †like last time. †Sometimes there's not a lot of ppl there because they order it to go but don't be afraid to sit down and eat. The last two times we came in and sat down and watched the World Cup games lol enjoy!! ** street parking or there's free parking diagonally across behind this deli or around the corner. So worth it though!
5794	8	2014-07-07	Tried out their lunch specials today and their chicken with fries and rice with that amazing green hot sauce keeps me coming back.
5795	8	2014-05-07	Just tried out some Peruvian food here and I have to say the Lomo Saltado was as good as when I had it on my trip to Macchu Piccihu a few years ago. Very authentic and staff was friendly. Welcome addition to the neighborhood and I can't wait to try the lunch specials.
5796	8	2014-05-06	Walked in here unexpectedly for lunch and food was amazing! They have great lunch menu so was tempted to try. So glad I did! It's a brand new restaurant and so happy I gave it a try. Will be coming back.
5797	9	2015-01-06	Maybe at one time, this place was good, but now it just makes some of the worst. †Don't believe the hype. †Pats and Genos make the worst cheesesteaks in Philly. †You'd be better off going to a food truck. †If you want a great cheesesteak when you come to D'Alessandros, Jim's, or Del Rossi's. †Skip the tourist traps. Places like this are giving out of towners the wrong idea about cheesesteaks. †Take it from someone who's lived here for years. †The locals don't eat here. †It's GARBAGE.
5798	9	2014-12-18	I would give this place a 0 . I drove an hour to get to this place thinking this cheesesteak was going to be amazing . What a turn off . They are so rude and sarcastic . I will never come back to this place . Their cheese steak was terrible on top of it and not even hot . No appreciation for their customers .
5799	9	2014-12-09	So me giving one star to Geno's steaks seems like a fair enough deal me and my wife were very excited to travel to Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak from Gino's as we dreaded the long wait for a 8 inch sub was not worth the wait I like to order my cheese steaks with onion mayonnaise ketchup and hot sauce in light Peppers as I approached the window and gave the gentleman my order he explained to me they don't make their sandwiches that way there †already pre made so I bought two cheesesteaks my cheesesteaks were cold and tasted like rubber their customer service was horrible there seating arrangements were horrible there are hundreds of other locations in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak and I'm sad to say that I did not choose else where to eat I will never eat at Geno's again ok
5800	9	2014-11-12	After reading all of the negative reviews, I really wasn't interested in trying Geno's. But my husband had some distant memory about it being good--so we tried it. HUMONGOUS DISAPPOINTMENT. I wasted $38 in cash for food that tasted like seasoned-less meat wrapped in a cardboard †box. Calling the food 'sub-par' is generous, at best! And if overt racism and ignorance offends your sense of moral decency, it'd be best to stay away. †No one at Geno's was particularly rude. But standing in line there reading a 'I Want My Country Back' sign with a demand that you 'order in English' really brought home to me what this establishment represents. I'd already paid for the cheesesteaks by this time. But I'm still kicking myself for handing over my hard-earned money to such ignorance. Spend your money at places that don't literally throw their racism in your face, and that ALSO serves good food. DON'T GO!!!
5801	9	2014-11-12	Their cheesestake had absolutely no taste WHATSOEVER! †I think the only seasoning they use is salt. †It sat in my stomach like a ball of steel. †The hole in the wall joints in Philly that barely even look like they are in business have the best cheesestakes by far! †Geno's only sells steak subs and they don't even provide a tasty product. † The other turn off for me was the fact they have posted "Let's take this country back" signs around the establishment. †"Speak English if you order at the window" signs are posted there. †They only sell steak subs there so it's not like the menu is complicated. †You only have one selection for God's sake! †What kind of bigot runs this dump? You will be more satisfied at McDonald's.
5802	9	2014-11-11	Was very disappointed, I have seen more meat on a chicken nugget. Cheese wasn't much either. I have heard good things about this place, but it seems it's now a tourist disappointment.
5803	9	2014-10-29	It will do in a pinch to show an out-of-towner the experience of eating in "cheesesteak vegas" but honestly, kinda gross overall. And they're racist, so, um, yeah...
5804	9	2014-10-23	The owner is a bigoted douche. They have a sign stating that all orders must be in English. My Italian Grandmother who can only speak broken English tried to order a cheese steak and was flat out denied. The cashier was extremely rude to both myself and my Grandmother. I cancelled my order and literally told them to shove my order up their A$$. We went elsewhere for lunch. Never again will I go here. I had to explain to my Grandmother what transpired, very embarrassing.
5805	9	2014-10-14	I'm sorry, I just don't get the hype. My friend visited Philly in 2007... she had one of the "famous steaks" (I shared some of her awful, soggy fries) and she got food poisoning right after that. The steak was barely cooked, and lukewarm. And they weren't even busy. I'm not into the completely unfriendly staff, either... if you are new to the area and don't know EXACTLY how to order a cheesesteak, you're screwed. Just not into it. Great-looking place, no doubt.... but no thanks. Genos gives me a great reason to become vegan, as I've been trying to do for months.
5806	9	2014-10-13	Cheesesteaks here are WAY too fat and greasy. You can tell there is not much effort put into the cheesesteak or the place itself. It is too flashy and it looks like a wannabe Las Vegas keychain with lights. The policy and kind of racist and I had better cheesesteaks in South Korea and the staff are rude, I don't blame them, I mean that's everyone in Philly.
5807	9	2014-10-13	The cheesesteaks here are okay, very fat and greasy but bland flavor. I've had better cheesesteaks in South Korea. This place's decorations is too flashy and tries way too hard to be like Las Vegas but is more like a thrift shop light bulb fail. The cheese steaks aren't that good. Also, the policy is also kind of racist. This place should fix up there place and there cheesesteaks. I shouldn't and went and I won't come back. The cheesesteak is also over priced. I live in a condo in Philly and I hate passing by Geno's. It makes me sick and I won't come back.
5808	9	2014-10-12	I like the cheesesteaks here and I think it's okay but it's just to greasy and fat like most people in Philly, and frankly the only thing Philly is known for is cheesesteaks. I waited too long for an overpriced disappointment and other people shouldn't go through this, also the policy is kind of racist. Honestly I think coming here was a mistake and I don't want to come here again.
5809	9	2014-10-12	Honestly, there isn't much to Geno's but there cheesesteaks. You wait for a long time and buy an overpriced cheese steak and eat it and it's not really worth it. There policy is a little racist also. There really isn't much to Philly but cheesesteaks. It's not even that good, anyone could make a better quality one at home. It's alright but I rather never go there.
5810	9	2014-10-12	Ok. Here's the truth. You line up for 25 minutes, pay $10 for a piece of Philly culture, then chomp down on a greasy mess that is nothing more than a guilty pleasure. It's fun, do it once, then try making it at home. See? You made it at home!!! AND It's cheaper and better than with Geno's or Pat's. And it was easy to make!!!
5811	9	2014-10-12	tourist trap. chunky meat disgusting wiz
5812	9	2014-10-06	To be honest I have no idea how this place has stayed in Business so long. This was one of the worst if not the worst subs I have ever had, the bread was almost inedible the steak or whatever it was was so dry and flavorless that card board would have tasted better, the onions we just about raw. Really just a terrible all around place. The servers were vary rude and make the whole experience that much worse.
5813	9	2014-10-03	Food was just alright. It's definitely overrated. I was really offended by the "speak English only" and "I want my country back" signs. Had I seen those racist signs earlier, I would have never ordered my food from these disgusting racists. Would never ever come back again. DISGUSTING!
5814	9	2014-09-28	Never a judge or a juror , just a foodie. We took the Philly challenge, †6...different cheesesteaks, from 6..different spots BELIEVE me, this is going to help you greatly...if you trust me on this. BREAD ,MEAT,TOPPINGS,OVERALL †SANDWICH. †I am so upset at the over rated media feeding frenzy over Pat's and Geno's †we †took the blue pill, and ended up at Geno's, there was a large black man in front of the shop....but it wasn't Morpheus,it was the grimm reaper, killing every hope of Geno's Steaks to †win the challenge.....horrible these people have thrown in the towel. When Geno's knows people will just come for the challenge, and they don't have to put in the effort they don't......a clear loser....don't waist your time or money on this hack cheesesteak.... I'm Tony Soprano ....wackum, from your sub list.
5815	9	2014-09-19	Tourist trap. Pat's is slightly better.
5816	9	2014-09-18	The cheesesteak †sucked, and didn't have enough whiz wit. Also, they are racist. Also, if I would have seen the "English Only" sign I would have not bothered going here. There are many places to get a good (cheesesteak in Philly. Go somewhere else.
5817	9	2014-09-11	Maybe because its become an institution but I don't get all the rave. †All hype no delivery. †Better off finding a whole in the wall and spending your money there. †Is this really an authentic philly cheesesteak? Disappointing to say the least.
5818	9	2014-09-05	This tourist trap is so obnoxious that it belongs in las vegas, overcompensate much? But it has the racism of true south Philly. If the "this is america, order in english" sign isn't flagrant enough, the shrine to police officers is. This looks of this place will make you sick before you even eat the overpriced food. My advice is to go anywhere else, mom and pop shop for a better steak for half the price.
5819	9	2014-09-03	Haha, are you even going to read this review? Probably not. You're just going to go to Geno's and get a steak. You're not going to care about the legacy or racism this business prides itself upon. You're not going to be bothered by their deplorable practices, or the shitty way in which they treat home owners in the neighborhood. So I will just say: if there was one business I could wipe off the face of the earth forever, it would be Geno's. I'm tired of tourists taking strained bowel movements on my front steps at 4AM because Geno's won't let them use their bathroom.
5820	9	2014-08-29	OVER PRICED TO OIL'Y †no real meat flavor and over rated i prefer PAT'S cheesestakes
5821	9	2014-08-27	Did not like my cheese steak...everyone i know has raved about this place but i did not like it at all. Also not a fan of the "speak English" sign. I am sure no one goes to the window speaking a different language, maybe broke English but at least they are trying. We're not called the melting pot because our ancestors are all born and raised English speaking Americans......
5822	9	2014-08-27	This place gets a †lot of hype...and now they are in the gyco commercial....sandwiches don't life up to the hype and I do not care for the "speak English" sign. His ancestors probably didn't speak English when they first came here...everyone has to learn and most people learn the hard way which is by being in the environment; don't make them feel bad. Not everyone is an illegal immigrate.
5823	9	2014-08-22	The worst "cheese steak" I have ever tasted. †Please avoid this place and this city. Brotherly love my donkey's feces. †Traveled much of the world none more rude, or food worse. †Don't believe me? †Please go then. †Oh, I through the thing away. Would not feed it to the many homeless in the area.
5824	9	2014-08-22	Not chopped, fat is visible and gross (to me), more bread than substance
5825	9	2014-08-20	A truly spectacular flop when it came to food quality or customer service. How this place continues to have line ups is truly baffling. We certainly won't be back
5826	9	2014-08-19	Zero stars. Pass this place up. The only words I can use to describe this joint are; dry,tasteless, expensive, CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! do yourself a favor, take picture and go anywhere else !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5827	9	2014-08-09	yuck !
5828	9	2014-08-03	There are no mistakes when I say that this place is the worst place to eat at. My wife and I ate here earlier and it gave us a really bad upsets stomach/diarrhea/food poisoning. They don't wear gloves while working with the food and charge an outrageous price for something I can get at anywhere.who cares what celebrity ate there in the past. †Unsanitary methods of serving is a health concern. I called back to let them know that something is wrong with the food and they cursed me out on the phone, told me that "I must be eating dirty pussy and that's why I had diarrhea." If you value your health and want an enjoyable visit, then do NOT eat at Gino's.
5829	9	2014-07-29	Lucky they get one star...believe me grew up in the neighborhood...Genoa steaks are fare...Not the best!!!I I make better in my kitchen...GENOS IS PLAIN OUT RUDE!.RUDE..but what do they care...people still eat there!!....If people just stopped going there it would end all there B.S....plus TONY LUKES HAS PATS AND GENOS BEAT BY MILES!!!...BETTER MEAT!!..BETTER SERVICE...
5830	9	2014-07-18	sorry a delsandros fan
5831	9	2014-07-08	I would have to pretty much agree with Scott and Matt, except I would give Geno's a much lower rating than "Meh, I've experienced better." I realize that this is a long review, but I highly suggest you read what I have to say. I have heard so many amazing things about Philadelphia's legendary cheese steak sandwiches, and was looking really forward to trying one for myself. I only had two days in Philadelphia, and ate my first Philly lunch at Tommy DiNic's in the Reading Terminal Market. I naturally wanted some cheese steak before I left, so instead of doing a cheese steak "challenge", I blindly chose Geno's over Pat's or Tony Luke's. Needless to say, I have quite a few complaints. 1) Hidden racism. Though I am of Asian descent, I am still an American, so I feel like I deserve to be treated like an American. Immediately, I saw a sign on one of Geno's windows that said something along the lines of "You are in America. Please order in English." My first thought: Really? Did you expect me to order in Korean? How about some Japanese? Hell, why not Mongolian? 2) Quality of service. Definitely the worst part of this restaurant. The guy working there was alright, but the woman was nothing short of a witch. Again, the fact that my family is Asian sort of plays into this. As soon as we walked up to the register, they rolled their eyes and kept staring us down while we were deciding what to order. There was no line, there was nobody else waiting to order... Then, when my dad ordered, there was no question of "What cheese would you like?" or "Would that be all?" Not even a "Thank you" when we paid. 3) The food. What we ordered was definitely not worth the about $30 we spent. By far the most disappointing sandwich I have ever had. It was bland, terrible, and have I mentioned disappointing? Pretty sure I could've gotten much better food for less money... 4) The end. As disappointed as I was, I couldn't finish my cheese steak and fries. It was an easy task wrapping up my sandwich in the paper it came in, but the cup holding the fries didn't have a lid. "Excuse me, can I get a lid for this?" I asked politely. The woman working the joint practically belched out, "WE DON'T HAVE LIDS!" Startled, I jumped back a bit and bumped into a Philly native. The woman proceeded to give me a piece of wax paper to cover the cup. In the meantime, I apologized to the man I ran into. "Sorry, sir, I was just startled by her attitude." I snatched the wax paper she begrudgingly held out to me and turned to my car. "YOU WANT A BAG?" I ignored her and left. For those of you who thought "TL;DR", just save your money and don't go to Geno's. If you do go, hope you're prepared for regret. Pretty much sums that up.
5832	9	2014-07-08	EUH!
5833	9	2014-06-28	Horribly dry, meat has no flavor, and onions were nasty. They didn't melt the cheese, they just put 2 slices in the bread and put meat on top. My wife actually brought me on from a food cart once that tasted better. †I should have listened to the ratings everyone on yelp gave it. I hope this isn't representative †of Philly people and their famous cheesesteaks. I saw this on a tv show and came down from Baltimore to try it, never again. I guess the museums were very cool. Everyone just try the one across the street, the line seemed pretty long.
5834	9	2014-06-25	shit steaks go literally anywhere else, total tourist trap.
5835	9	2014-06-23	Overrated. Skimpy on meat. Server very rude & impatient.
5836	9	2014-06-17	Tourist trap #2. Nuff' said.
5837	9	2014-06-10	Garbage. People from Philly don't go here so why would you.
5838	9	2014-04-23	Don't recommend this place, they treat you like cattle.
5839	9	2014-04-22	Geno's uses an inferior/cheaper cut of steak than Pat's uses, and does not know how to make it taste as good as it potentially should. Why settle for Geno's when the real thing is across the street? I used to be a chef at an expensive restaurant, so I know what I am talking about. Geno's has a more attractive building, but who cares?
5840	9	2014-04-14	Stay away! Geno's is such a tourist trap. The cheesesteak is chewy and the fries are horrible. †Head across the street to Pat's if you want a good Philly cheesesteak. †The service is much better there as well. †Geno's is horrible. We'll never go back!
5841	9	2014-04-07	Too much hype. Meat was dry, wayyy too much cheese, and the roll was ice cold. The only good thing about my "wiz wit" were the onions.
5842	9	2014-04-05	Like Pat's, this place is also gross.
5843	9	2014-03-20	This place sucked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Both Pat's and Genos are not worth the hype. If youre from Maryland, save the trip and just go to Jerrys or Continental down in kensington near DC. The service was horrible and there were no toppings! The flavor was so bland, we saved the subs and took them home to add toppings to it to not make it taste as nasty. Again, not worth the hype
5844	9	2014-02-22	Sucks. †Bigots with bad food ... what less could you ask for? †Try Jim's on South Street!
5845	9	2014-01-26	One glance at this set-up was enough to send my group and I running. Don't believe the hype about Geno's. In reality, it is completely grease-caked, and fly infested. There's a much better indoor place just straight down the street!
5846	9	2014-01-26	just as bad as pats. these two places are where you can get the lousiest cheese steak in the city.
5847	9	2014-01-21	For all the hype of Pats vs Genos, the sandwiches are not what they used to be. You can tell that its just a token name for people visiting Philly at this point. There are a ton of places in Philly that can get you a sandwich, wiz or provolone, that are much better quality.
5848	9	2014-01-08	Boo this garbage tourist trap. Go to Jim's on South
5849	9	2014-01-07	Serving overpriced dry meat and chewy roll is a CRIME. I can't believe this place still selling Cheese steak. Will not recommend!
5850	9	2013-12-30	Last stop on our first trip to Philly. Left a very bad last impression of the city. Steak was so skimpy we actually had to complain, to no effect. These people obviously do not need or want tourists. Should have gone back to Reading Market, which was awesome.
5851	9	2013-12-27	We drove from NYC to attend a day at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Wonderful day trip until we took the suggestion of a couple of locals to head over to this dump for cheese steak. The bread, meat, onions were just †as tasteless as the people who were serving it up. †I had a stomach ache all night after eating one of these fake cheese steaks. Sorry for you Philadelphia ...YUKKK!!
5852	9	2013-12-27	Less than average. Just hype nothing more
5853	9	2013-12-05	I don't agree with their English only policy.
5854	9	2013-12-03	I don't understand why people wait in line to pay over $9.00 for a cheese steak with hardly any meat and cold wiz??? I guess there is a sucker born every minute.
5855	9	2013-12-03	All I have to say is OVERRATED. Just spend $250,000 a year on advertising and charging $9.00 for a sandwich that everyone else in Philadelphia does better for $6.50. Don't worry plenty of people from New Jersey that don't know any better will buy it tho.
5856	9	2013-11-30	What a shame. †Brought my family to Philly for the holidays and wanted to try out this establishment. †What a shame to see the racism in this place. †People were so rude, we left and went to Jim's at 400 South St. They didn't want my dollars, so I would never eat here nor would I recommend anyone do so either. †What a shame...
5857	9	2013-11-23	not very impressive to say the least.. plain old bread with dry meat and a couple of slices of provolone cheese which was buried halfway thru the sandwich. And seriously, what's up with "cheese whiz"? don't see what all the fuss is about.. got a cheese steak sandwich from another place. Not going to name them but the name starts with an "a"... a much better sandwich. but I guess if some people really think genos is the best then im not going to say anything except that genos must be the only cheese steak they have eaten...
5858	9	2013-11-18	Pros: †A famous place known for great cheese steaks. † † † † † Very street style atmosphere, covered outdoor (simple) seating † † † † † AMAZING BREAD † † † † † Very ethnic area, many shops nearby that sell in a family style market environment. †One shop nearby sold live poultry. †Other shops sold freshly made cheese. †Fruit stands line the streets nearby. †And some buildings have murals on the side nearby. †Great to just walk around this place. Cons: A tiny bit over priced † † † † † Steak was awful, paltry amount, and was hard to go down. † † † † † † I felt duped † † † † † No vinegar (for fries), and no mayonaise (for the cheesesteak) was available. † † † † † † † † † † † † † No bathroom for paying customers and no public bathrooms nearby, 10 or more tables outside. †It's one thing to operate a small out the window shop locally, but this is a tourist place, and we drove an hour for to eat. †We had a very negative experience finding a company that would let us use their bathroom. † † Overall: †This store is about what works for the owner. †The customer comes second. †They don't provide the condiments a reasonable New Englander would want for Cheesesteak and fries, a bathroom for paying customers despite having 10 tables (or so), and respect to hispanic immigrants (as they have a sign up that says, "This is America, Speak English"). †It's just a guy with a nasty attitude running a business built on a reputation that has long be overused.
5859	9	2013-11-18	Tourist crap.
5860	9	2013-11-14	Obnoxious lights. Pats steaks are so much better across the street. Long live King Pat Steaks!
5861	9	2013-11-12	The place is hit or miss. You must eat the sandwich fast if not it turns to leather. Jim from south philly
5862	9	2013-11-04	Godawful tourist trap...just like Pat's.
5863	9	2013-11-01	Blows. Pat's and Geno's is supposed to be a Philly staple... it is disgusting. Loads of cheeze wiz, not meat (crappy meat), all bread.... maybe it used to be good but now it is just a name.
5864	9	2013-10-30	You call that a cheese steak. Don't waste your money. Too up tight. Hit up delasandro's. or even better, there's a mexican place down the street all green that has a banging burrito and guacamole and chips.
5865	9	2013-10-29	Jim's at 4th and South is way better.
5866	9	2013-10-18	Dry cheesesteak, †tasted like White Castles with all the onions.
5867	9	2013-10-12	If you want the philly experience and you are a tourist go. if you want good food , dont go. . they sling the food at you, are rude and make you eat processed cheese product with some warm beef and a cold roll. BAD PRODUCT. I give one star because i like the corner compeition with another bad cheese steak place. BOTH ARE NOT GOOD.
5868	9	2013-09-13	The cheesesteak I had was horrible. †It was a steakum not a cheesesteak. †I don't think I will ever understand why they are as popular as they are, much better places to get a good quality cheesesteak from in the city.
5869	9	2013-09-13	Everybody seems to think that Philly cheese steaks are sppose to be a hit because of the reputation it has around the country and perhaps world. †I am here to report that Philly cheese steak at Genos and several others I thought I would try thru out my stay in Philly and was thoroughly disappointed. †Not good!
5870	9	2013-09-07	ehh
5871	9	2013-09-04	Went there todaywith my wife & daughter, THE ABSOLUTE WORST so called cheesesteaks that we have ever had! † Dry meat, cold, uncooked mushrooms, nasty, rude, unpleasant staff, not to mention, $ 45.00 for 3 crappy sandwiches, 3drinks &2 fries, †pleeaassee, never again!. Good thing they have the tourist thing going, because return customers do not exist.
5872	9	2013-08-26	Overall, just a mediocre tasting cheese steak. †People that work there were on completely miserable. Garbage everywhere!
5873	9	2013-08-23	I've been here twice, once to say I've been here and the second time to see if the steak was any better. Sadly, it wasn't. Pat's isn't any better really. Geno's, first of all, has the most obnoxious staff. They're almost downright rude. The Philadelphia image struggles as it is, and these guys don't help it one bit. The meat was greasy, and the cheese-wiz on it could be used to fill pot-holes. The bread was better by itself. To have heard so much about these two places, and end up feeling like I ate a brick will not bring me back here again.
5874	9	2013-08-19	DirectV - the company sucks be careful before you sign up with them
5875	9	2013-08-15	Have never been here. †Would never patronize a business owned by a known bigot.
5876	9	2013-08-13	This place sucks donkey balls straight up gang!!! I went here at 1:30am hoping i would get a freshly made chz steak. †Buyer beware TRAP CITY US. †First off the staff is rude and none of this fine parolees appear to have graduated high school. †And you gotta talk there stupid cheese steak language. †hey more I'm from the †D, Detroit we speak English not bs. †I'm sorry if i offended you buy not ordering in your native tongue. †Before i entered many off the cooks where smoking ciggies outside and returned to the kitchen without washing there hands nasty. † Anyways ordered my cheese steak with cheese wiz, onion and mushroom. †They used high quality Canned Mushrooms, awesome glad i paid 12 bucks for this garbage. †They handed my my chz stk in under a minute. †Knew it wasn't gonna be good. †Took a bite of it and the meat tasted disgusting, the wiz was cold and to icing on the cake was the bread was still frozen!!!! †Don't †be fooled by the dazzling white lights, all that glitters is not gold and that my friends is what you have you, your just a number, P.S. pats sucks as well another TRAP!!!! TRAP TRAP TRAP TRAP TRAP CITY, HOSPITAL FOOD TASTES BETTER THAN THIS CRAP!!!!! AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE You want the best Cheese Steak go to 1. Joes(chinks), 2.Ishkabbibbles 3. Johns Pork Roast......
5877	9	2013-08-08	Dirty
5878	9	2013-07-22	Don't mix politics and food, we're here to eat, not be preached to. †Just left a bad flavor in my mouth. †Pat's may show less bling, but their welcoming personality was worth it for me... and their food tastes better at Pat's.
5879	9	2013-07-19	The meat had no flavor. †Maybe it the person that was making it, but I don't think Geno would server this sandwich. Pat's had more flavor in the meat. The bread was the same in both places. Both places were clean and the food came out fast. For me on this day, it came down to the flavor of the meat itself and it didn't happen at Geno's today.
5880	9	2013-07-17	Rude, rude, rude. I know what I want and I order quickly so why the hell do they need to rush me? Had one steak from them and never again, tastes like a shitload of oil. No flavor. Slabs of steak? Are you that lazy you can't chop it up? †Zero stars for overpriced, glorified crap on †a stale roll.
5881	9	2013-06-25	geno's is awful. along with pats they are the most overated steak in the city .Steve's steaks is hands down the best steak around
5882	9	2013-06-18	I guess since I was born and raised here I'm not that impressed. †There are so many more neighborhood places that are way better. †I also don't like that Italian Joey bag of donuts vibe you get in South Philly
5883	9	2013-06-10	The Employee's are HORRIBLE & VERY RUDE which lead's to VERY POOR customer service, not to mention the Steak & Cheese Sandwiches were over rated. I would much rather have a super delicious Steak & Cheese with the work's from the regular Bodega which knock's them out the box! Never ever will this place get any business from me nor anyone that I know EVER!!! this place is HORRIBLE & It TOTALLY SUCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5884	9	2013-06-08	Everyone says that Geno's has the best steaks in Philly. What a crock! They are awful. Highly commercialized is all. The best steaks in Philly are at Jim's steaks. One is on south street, and one in the northeast. Steer clear of Geno's. all you will get is a small, overpriced, tasteless steak, a stomachache, and a ticket to the nearest bathroom.
5885	9	2013-06-07	over priced, overrated. i always get provolone on my steak, but at this place you need wiz because these steaks are so bad you can't put decent ingredients on them. †pat's across the street is a step up, but i'd stick with jim's.
5886	9	2013-06-06	Cold Steak? Old Bread? Racist Owner? Count me in. If they made good cheese steaks I would still give a decent review but Pat's is better any day of the week. This place does not deserve to be such a Philly landmark with such bad food. This city is known for its food so step your game up.
5887	9	2013-06-04	Racist. What else do you need to know?
5888	9	2013-06-02	rude staff at times
5889	9	2013-05-23	They have signs that say, "English Only!" They wear shirts that say, "Learn to speak English or get out of line".
5890	9	2013-05-04	I dont get why this place is so hyped , you get low grade grissely meat , NO FLAVOR !! , this is a tourist trap , all lights , no might , Pats across the street †is a lot better , good quality meat , others to try are jims steaks , tony lukes , or my favorite delosandros
5891	9	2013-05-03	Digusting. †They stay open based on tourism. †I saw them on tv and decided to go when I was in Philly. †Cheap bread, gross tasting meat, and some kind of butter slime that coated my mouth and throat and would not go away for hours. †Ended up giving it to a homeless person after 2 bites. †Never again.
5892	9	2013-04-24	Go to Jim's on South!
5893	9	2013-04-21	Geno's sucks so bad it is an embarrassment to food. †The only steak worse is Pat's. †I mean other steaks stink in the city but these two are supposed to be the king pings and they honestly stink! †Eat your sneaker before buying a steak; or for God's sake get a burrito or a snickers? †Save yourself and do #2 Tony Luke's - Everything he sells is fabulous. †Want the best period...Joes aka the old Ch!nks. †3rd banana is Steve's prince of steaks and in fourth is Dalessandro's in Roxborough!
5894	9	2013-04-20	Went on a cheesesteak tasting adventure in Philidelphia. †Geno's was number four on the list. †This place was abismal. †Truthfully, I'm surprised to see any good reviews of this place on yelp at all. †All i can figure is that this is the only place many people have tried in the area. †Got a hot sandwich (that was luke warm when served) with peppers, onions and cheese on it and was not inspired to smile from the experience. Here's the theory me and my cohorts developed on why Geno's is trash... First it's all covered in bright lights and orange painted crap which is gimmicky which is the first clue that they are hiding something. †We went to the number one place on the list which served hot fresh meat that seemed to be top quality. †We decided that the fatty gristly slices of meat served with smug frugality at Geno's are likely collected from the dumpster of john's roast pork. †The bread is probably collected from what tony luke's throws away and is served moist and not toasted. †The cheese on the sandwiches... maybe the recession or economic downturn has hit Geno in his family jewels harder than expected because there was virtually no provolone on my sandwich. †Even the onions were served up in teaspoon proportions. †The whole peppers that were served in the sandwich were not easy to eat and didn't even complement any of the weak flavors in the meat or bread. †In conclusion after sampling this sandwich among the group we concurred that it's an overhyped concoction of leftovers or waste from better cheesesteak vendors in the Philly area. If you're going to hit up cheesesteaks in Philly and aren't forced here by someone who has poor taste or an inability to taste food, skip it. †The cheesesteak served across the street was way better and there's probably a couple other places higher on the list that were mentioned above. †If Geno's spent less money on fluorescent lights and orange paint and more on meat, cheese, bread, and skills in the kitchen I'm sure it would be good.
5895	9	2013-04-13	Geno (can't even spell his name right in Italian), is a racist, narcissistic attention grabber who has more in common with neon signs than serving dry steak sandwiches. He disgraced himself with his comments about Mexicans ordering in English. Truth be told, this is a tourist trap. There is a plethora of better places in Philly to enjoy. Find them...any one of them.
5896	9	2013-04-03	We always go to Jim's steaks when in Philly †but today decided to try the hyped up Gino's what a disaster we would never go out back we actually paid $27 for three sandwiches and after one bite threw them in the trash not only was the food disgusting but the staff was extremely extremely rude again don't go there go to Jim's not worth the price the hassle or the rude staff. † The man at the counter was so rude that when we returned to the window to explain that one of our sandwiches was made incorrectly he actually argued with us. After leaving Gino's we went back to our tried and true jims steaks and had a fabulous lunch... So Gino's take your steak sandwich and stick it up your ass!!! †I will really wish Yelp would allow me not to choose any stars because Gino's does not deserve the one I left.
5897	9	2013-03-23	First off I'm not from South Philly and I hate cheese wiz. I'm not in the demo and they did not have the quality of protein I look for in my cheesesteaks. I 99% of the time get a chicken cheese steak made with fresh breast meat and Swiss cheese and that was not an option. I'll never go back and you can include Pats.
5898	9	2013-03-20	Sadly, since it's such a trek to get there, Geno's was just about the only thing I did in Philadelphia, and it left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Wish I read the reviews first! Hard to enjoy sitting outdoors (in winter) eating an overpriced blah sandwich in the picturesque Italian/Mexican market neighborhood, with disturbing anti-Hispanic signs on the wall. I'd rather have had lunch just about anywhere else.
5899	9	2013-03-18	I went to Geno's in Philly after watching it in the food network. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. THIS PLACE IS OVER RATED! The steak sandwich was cold, not flavor and the most disappointing thing was the lady behind the counter, she was so rude. Bad food and bad service! I'llNEVER GO BACK TO GENO'S!
5900	9	2013-03-16	Decided to visit this place and Pats while on vaca in Wildwood two summers ago. †Big Mistake. †The trip was to visit the Barnes Foundation before it closed, but we also planned to have lunch at both of these hyped up shops. †Again, big mistake. † The steaks at both places were of, i dunno, the shitty Subway or Quiznos variety. †Flavorless, small, lacking in just about everything that makes a cheesesteak great. The best cheesesteak I've ever had was actually in Wildwood years back on the boardwalk back when the Australian students used to work during the summers. †Quality bread, nice meat with the right amount of juice, slathered in good cheese. † Theres a reason this place only has 2.5 stars. †Those who rated it †more than 1 or 2 stars are delusional, or have simply never had a good cheesesteak.
5901	9	2013-03-13	RUDE! †Big emphasis on that. †Being friendly and polite goes a long way with the majority of people, who could be potential repeat, loyal customers. †Cheesesteaks are tasteless and expensive, separate lines for drinks/fries and for steaks. †Huge sign about you have to speak English when ordering. †They have a sign telling you how to order (wit or witout onions), which makes you sound like a piece of garbage, which is what genos is, garbage. †Also there's a vibe that you might get beaten up if you look at someone the wrong way the whole time you're there. †Don't go there. †Once again, they're incredibly, offensively rude. †No logic to their operation here.
5902	9	2013-03-11	Order in 'merican only! Pats is better. Who wants this flourescent tourist trap steak shop when there are tons of better spots... Cheesesteak is the same as getting it from any delivery pizza joint, except you don't have to wait 20 min for delivery
5903	9	2013-03-08	Worst steaks in the city...tourist trap...pat's too
5904	9	2013-02-13	This place is HORRIBLE!! †Terrible cheesesteaks with a racist attitude. †I wish I could give them a zero but the system wont allow it. †Way to make the tourists and immigrants feel welcomed Genos!! †It is a shame that they are so bitter and hateful that they would post that racist nonsense. †As far as the food goes the cheesesteaks stink!! † Don't waste your time and money on this place. †In all honesty you can get a better cheesesteak at Apple bees or one of those chain restaurants. Johns Roast Pork and Jim's Steaks are both MUCH better and from what I have seen ALL are welcomed.
5905	9	2013-02-06	Avoid this place. †A friend and I drove there after a convention yesterday. †He told me that these two places are famous and they have a long time feud going between the two places. †We first passed Pat's as we approached Geno's looking for a parking spot. †Since we found a spot across from Genos we figured we'd try them since it was really cold out. †I looked at the sign and said $9.00 for a sandwich??? OK, I figured it's gotta be good. We stepped up to the window and I noticed that nobody in the place was smiling or at least looked like they wanted to serve you. †I know a little about serving people from the other side of the counter as I have done it for close to 25 years. We tried to make conversation with the guy at the window who was not impressed or interested. He was really good at saying "What'l ya have" and then says " Nine Dollaz" while the guy to his right scrapes the meat off the grill and drops it into the bread. †Then he puts two slices of Provolone and slaps some little onion squares on it and wraps it in paper. †I asked what do you do for drinks and he then had a very lengthy conversation "Next window" and slid the window shut. †I followed directions and went to the woman at the next window and she was just as polite. †She said "Two dollaz" and handed me my soda. I had a bad feeling about how the famous cheese steak was going to taste. †I unwrapped it to find about 5 small slices of meat with a trace of provolone showing under all those onion chicklets falling out all over the place. They reminded me of the onion bits at Costco's food court, only larger. Cooked a little but not really glazed like a good onion should be on a sandwich like this. †Half of them fell out as I was eating. †While I was really trying to enjoy my $11 investment I looked around and could see why others would be offended. They really rub it in your face with all the signs. I told my buddy that it was probably the worst attempt of a cheese steak I've ever had. †You can do better at Quiznos which I happen to think makes a great sandwich. †I was extremely disappointed and wanted to get my wife a cheese steak because she grew up in Philly and I figured I'd try Pat's for her take home. There was no way I was going to make the same mistake twice. †The guys at Pat's were a tad friendlier, maybe because I told them how bad Geno's sandwich was but they definitely slammed a whole lot more meat on the bread without me even saying anything. †I took a bite of hers to compare and there was no comparison. †It was definitely heftier and tastier. †Now, mind you, I will never go back to either place because neither one is worth it in my opinion. †We froze our asses off at the outdoor tables while you could see a seating section in the center of the restaurant at Genos where I guess they let famous people eat indoors while they take pictures with them leaving everyone else to eat outside. †I didn't even want to ask to use a restroom. People, invest your hard earned money wisely by avoiding places like this. We passed many small eateries where I'm sure $11 buys a better sandwich and drink where the people smile and you can sit for awhile inside. †Needless to say we both agreed that if we're ever in Philly again we would hit up the other joints. †All in all, I have to say even though the sandwich wasn't cheesy, the d√©cor was!
5906	9	2013-01-15	a---hole owner. Mediocre, gristly steak sandwich. †Avoid
5907	9	2012-12-17	Steer clear of this place. Like all people already stated before ignorant racist ba....ds. Whoever heard of a place where you can only get ketchup and cheez whiz on your steak? Sad part is that they tried to take thier business to Dover DE. Thay had the same ignorant attitude there. Happy to say they closed thier doors within a few months. Delawareans weren't having it. Philadelphians should do the same. Tried them once. Never again.
5908	9	2012-12-02	I visited this tourist trap today thinking their cheese steak would be something to write home about. †Definitively not the case. †This place was horrible and their service was appalling. I should have known my experience was going to bad when I attempted to order a steak sub with wiz and extras. †The woman at window said "we don't carry lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc. †You can only get wiz and onions!!" †I ordered two subs and a soda and the total $19!!! †What! †That's so overpriced for a mediocre sub. While I was eating I recognized something foreign in my sub. †A STRAND OF HAIR!!! †I immediately took it back up to the counter telling the evil woman I placed my order with earlier about the hair. †I demanded my money back. †She refused. †She said the hair must have been mine because everyone on the staff wears a hairnet. †I told her that's crap and she said I would have to find the hair and show her (actually digging through the steak). †I refused, yelled, and slammed the sub down on the counter splattering cheese †and steak on the inside of their booth window. †They didn't like that too much. †One of the cooks threw my sub at me and hit me in the arm. †What kind of business does that???!!! †What type of business are they running? †Assaulting people with food. † I will never go back to this place. †It's an overpriced tourist trap and with terrible customer service, †bland food, and serious disregard for hygiene! †I'm happy to add to the growing negative reviews on Yelp. Those looking to have the cheese steak experience while in Philadelphia will be much better off going to smaller, lesser know restaurants. †I bet the subs will taste much better and the staff will be courteous.
5909	9	2012-11-26	I really wanted to like this place. The food was nothing special, but definitely overpriced for what it was. You would do better at a smaller steak shop elsewhere in town as far as getting a tastier sandwich. Eventually we did. The big turn off for me were the homophobic and racist comments. I thought I was hearing it from another customer standing at an adjacent locaton but when I looked over, the conversation was with what appeared to be a patron and †two employees. They were hurling around profanities and hateful words. I guess because Im white and with my wife and child, they felt comfortable to be ignorant, but theymade be VERY uncomfortable in front of my child. I really wanted to speak up but didn't want to have our food spit on. †It's one of those places that the tourists have to try out, but the locals would be able to direct you to a better place that is less well known. I just think that the time has come when it is not acceptable to subject people to your brand of hate and they are expected to take it. The old ways dont work anymore.
5910	9	2012-11-05	So I had the Geno's vs Pat's comparison and although the food tasted the same it was the service I got at Geno's that SUCKED!! So I went to philly with 2 of my friends and as we were in the 2nd line to get fries the lady there was so rude. I asked for a cheese fries, my friend asked for plain fries, and my other friend just wanted hot chocolate. We all were paying serperatly but she felt that we should have all put our orders in together and actually rolled her eyes in when my friend ordered the hot chocolate. Then I see that 2 fries are ready so I walk up to the window to get what I assume is fries we had ordered and I see her sticking her dirty (money collecting) fingers in the fries to close the tops of it. Then she looks at me and rudely states "these aren't yours" and I told her "Im glad cause I wouldn't want you to be sticking your fingers in them" which again I got another eye roll. Once we get our fries I go to the ketchup stand and try to pump some ketchup on my fries and she starts yelling at me "stop pumping the ketchup - there isn't anything in there" †Overall, the owner should fire the old lady with the blonde hair who works at Geno's.
5911	9	2012-09-30	This place sucked. There was no menu, ordered a cheesesteak, no onions. They handed me a roll with bland dry beef - about two slices and a cold piece of provolone cheese. No napkins anywhere, which I didn't really need because it was like eating a dry sawdust sandwich. Not one person that waited on me (two different windows) said a word to me other than the amount of the bill. I also wish I could give this no stars. I knew this was a low rent district, but the neighborhood is disgusting, dirt and trash everywhere, and got to watch a dude smoking crack sitting at a red light.
5912	9	2012-09-03	Not worth the hype. †Steak is dry, cheese wiz was too salty and overall sandwich was too greasy. †Had driven 2 hours to try the steak sandwich and was very disappointed. †Save your money go else where.
5913	9	2012-08-09	food wasnt seasoned not enuff cheese high prices doesnt match food qulity. service was not polite and seemed racist
5914	9	2012-07-27	Saw this place on TV, so I decided to visit while in Philadelphia. †The food was horrible! †They give you very little meat, which turned out to be a good thing because it was awful. †All these travel shows showcasing this place could not have actually ate there, because they would not be advertising it as one of the best. †If you want a real cheese steak, or even a tasty one, go elsewhere.
5915	9	2012-07-23	Made a special trip to Philly while vacationing in NYC for my own taste test.....ten times over Pat's is better and most importantly....their service was impeccable!!!!! Geno's needs to get rid of that grumpy ole hag taking orders!!!!
5916	9	2012-07-22	greasy, cheese is runny, parking is impossible, never can find a place to sit since there is only a handful of benches.
5917	9	2012-07-21	I was borned and raised in NE Philly. I took my husband to Philly for the first time to "enjoy" a real Philly Cheesesteak. †We chose Geno's and we were beyond disappointed, the meat was tough, had no flavor, mushrooms were canned, cold and slapped on top of his sandwich. †The customer service was beyond rude, the sandwich was just tossed out the window at us. †Their staff definitely needs to go some obedience classes. †We won't waste our $20 for 2 sandwiches which he could have cooked better at home. †The hype they showed on the Food Network's show with Mike Simon had to be made up, it was nothing like they showed.
5918	9	2012-07-16	The sandwich at Geno's was dry, tasteless, the bread was hard, nasty, the cheese had no flavor and overall it was a very, very bad experience. I was so mad! 3 sandwiches were 30 dollars. Damn!
5919	9	2012-06-30	Please stay away from this racist dude's sandwich shop. I was excited to come to Philly and try one of these cheese steaks but when i read all the signs and stupid sayings all over their walls it ruined the whole experience. it's really ignorant and disgusting how they wear their racist shirts and try to say its in the name of america. losers i will never buy from you again and i will tell all my friends to avoid your nasty shop.
5920	9	2012-06-14	I've lived in the Philly area for 15 years and have eaten numerous cheese steaks. †Some friend from NY State visited and they wanted an original cheese steak. †We chose Geno's over Pat's. †It was embarassing. †Tasteless and overpriced. †Like many other reviewssaid, it is a tourist trap. †Don't go there or to Pat's.
5921	9	2012-05-06	Don't fall for the hype. †Found Geno's and Pat's to be the worst cheesesteaks I have ever tasted. †Extremely long line, rude staff, greasy pile of seasoned wood chips, and the nerve to charge 9.00 for this disappointing experience. †The worst cheesesteaks that I've ever had, tasted way better than both Pat's and Geno's. †I would understand better if they competed for the "worst tasting cheesesteaks".
5922	9	2012-05-05	OVERRATED. †I'm from philly, born and raised, on the playground is where I spent most of my days!! lol. †Seriously, the only time I eat from Pats or Genos is when Im drunk off my ass and its 3 in the morning, otherwise, these places get way too much hype, its a f****** tourist attraction. †You can get a way better cheese steak from a corner takeout place AT A MUCH CHEAPER PRICE! †I can't believe that so many people actually pay almost $10 for an average cheese steak. †Once again... I hardly go here, its usually out of desperation because after the club lets out no1 is open and this is a drunk's man's hungry option
5923	9	2012-04-30	Myself and 4 co-workers were in Philly yesterday,4/25/12, for a meeting. We asked where the best Philly Cheese Steak sandwiches were in Philly. SOOO disapointed in what we received. A nice piece of bread with under cooked diced onions, 2 slices of cheese and a couple slices of over cook beef. This was less meat then a bologna sandwich has on it. After everything we were told and seen on Diners Driveins and Dives. The sandwhich that we received was less then 1/3rd as seen on the TV show. DO not waiste your time. We drove from Maryland. The service was great, product not so.
5924	9	2012-03-09	i am still offended by their sign sais they wouldnt serve anyone who dont speak english..how ignorant. tacky..therefore I pass
5925	9	2012-02-22	Any corner pizzeria in South Philly will have a better steak then this. Overhyped garbage.
5926	9	2012-02-11	How do you say "Your Sanwiches Suck" in Spanish? Really for a guy who is really proud to be an American he certainly is shaming us with sub par product. I ordered mine in English and I got a big wet sloppy piece of mierda that all the ketchup in the world couldn't help. Do us Americanos a favor and move to a third world country so we don't have to claim you as one of our own.
5927	9	2012-02-04	We came out to the east coast from California in search of some great food. †After a weekend in New York, we headed to Philly just for the cheesesteaks. †After hearing extensively about Geno's and Pat's, we decided to walk the 2 miles from our hotel through 35 degree weather and 30 mph winds to flavor what was supposed to be the best steaks in the city. †What a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! †Not only were the cheesesteaks from both places not very good, but the service was just awful! †We arrived at Geno's only to discover there was NO INDOOR SEATING. †Um, of I realize most of you locals probably knew this already, but when you're from out of state, you kind of expect there to be indoor seating in an east coast city in the middle of JANUARY!!!! †It would make sense right? I mean the average temperature there is like the mid 30s! †Well, there isn't any. †To top it all off, the service was awful. †We were treated so rudely by the two staff members who took our order and served us our cheesesteaks that we wouldn't have considered returning even if the sandwiches were good...and let me assure you, they were not. †After sampling both cheesesteaks we were so dissatisfied that we decided to try another from the Flyers Arena †at Wells Fargo Center. †The sandwiches we had there were SO much better....exactly what I expected from a trip to Geno's....stay away both Geno's and Pat's...they are not what you expect out of a Philly.
5928	9	2012-01-29	Rude service, Fatty meat. †Northeast Philly has the best cheese steaks in Philly! †Genos and Pats suck. †They prey on tourist that don't realize they are giving them grissly meat. For people looking for a real Philly Cheese steak check these places out: 1. Steves Prince of Steaks 2. Wit Or Wit Out 3. Chinks 4. Jim's
5929	9	2012-01-20	Awful, Appalling are the two adjectives that come to mind when I think of Gino's. The overt racism/xenophobia is a bit much, but hey if the food is good some things can be overlooked; However, this abomination was worse than Subway! If you were ever forced to consume a steak-umm as a youngster, imagine having to wait 20 minutes in line for it. Philadelphians should be ashamed of this place and do everything and anything in their power to shut it down.
5930	9	2012-01-18	The truth is you can get a better CheeseSteak for half the price at any corner Pizza shop, Geno's is just to trap out of towners which is sad, so if you're coming to Philadelphia try somewhere else Geno's is giving us a bad name
5931	9	2011-12-18	this resturant †was the WORSE!!!! I have ever eaten!!!!!!!...My husband & i came from NY to eat the "famous" geno's....the service was the WORSE..the attitude of the workers STINK!!!!...we will NEVER NEVER EVER eat that CRAP again....instead of spending so much money on advertiseing they should FIRE all the workiers and concentrate on the CUSTOMERS!!!!....PATS is the BESSSSST!!!..hands down...i would rather go to the supermarket and eat a Steakummm before we eat in that S###Hole again!!!...CLOSE UR DOORS!!!!..U R THE WORST IN THE BUSINESS!!!......OMG......THIS PLACE IS THE WORST.....i will do every thing in my power to shut this place DOWN!!!!!
5932	9	2011-10-30	To pre-empt the local naysayers and their "Oh, just another tourist" comments; I grew up just outside the Philly area for 36 years. Although I live on the west coast now, I dearly miss all that is sacred to my past life; italian hoagies, questionable street corner soft-pretzels, boardwalk slices, NJ grease trucks and... the daddy of it all, PHILLY CHEESESTEAKS! It is not a culinary art to this... chopped beef, American, Provolone or Wiz, optional FO, peppers, mushrooms, etc. all sandwiched into that unmistakeable South Philly roll. Fast forward to the other day... My wife and I are packed and ready to get out to the east coast for our annual visit. We were excited to see family and old friends, but what we jokingly talk about and look forward to all year is catching up with our favorite foods. We vowed to have a cheesesteak in our hands within a short time of landing at PHL! We pick up the car and jet up †to Passyunk & 9th ASAP. †She had never been any further down in the past than Jim's on South so we decide to get one of each and let her decide what she likes. We park, mosey up to Pat's, order an American, get a good-old grumpy smile, "Thanku!" and move on. On to Geno's; oohs and ahhs for all the neon, it used to never get old to see. Joey was always proud of his palace! We step up, pay for a Wiz Cheesesteak with FO and then step to the side to the condo-counter. Yeah, now here it comes... Needing a quick squirt of ketchup I get in line with one other patron with no one else behind me. So while standing there, mind you as a paying customer of both establishments, the older woman at the second window leans out and screeches "Oh no, don't use that ketchup!" Our little line freezes like she was trying to tell us the ketchup was bad, empty, etc. NO, it was not the case, she proceeds in saying towards the man in front of me "Oh no, not you sir, you're fine, get what you need." Then pointing her finger out the window and waving her hands around "You, I mean you, get outta' here with that crap!" †In front of my wife; †a first and last time customer, in front of dozens of patrons; adults and children, in front of police officers on the corner, now taking interest in me like I was causing this... (Huh?) She says again "I said get outta here with that crap, you don't use our counter, get back across the street." In my disbelief I ask her if she was joking and proceeded to explain I just bought a Geno's steak 30 seconds prior. Nothing, same stonewall, same yelling. I ask for a manager to come out, an older gentleman sticks his head out the window and yells "Are you friggin' deaf, leave!" †Now the grill boys and back of house staff crowds to the windows and doorways with the same malice. I admit it; I then yelled back, I cursed, I was furious, I was insulted and I was humiliated in front of my wife and strangers. The curses follow me as I get off the curb and walk away back to Pat's past the gauntlet of keenly interested boys-in-blue. I do not care what your schtick or marketing gimmick is... I do not care that times are tough and budgets are tight... I do not care that you might have been having a tough year... No matter what ones company does it all boils down to customer service. It does not matter if they are shrouded in filthy rags buying a $2 whiskey shooter or in Oscar de la Renta buying their third Mercedes; each and every customer deserves every bit of dignity and respect as the next. No exceptions, even if you have to lie through your teeth while holding your nose because of their smell... All are treated with respect. This establishment did not show that they knew and/or cared to exhibit this very basic business practice. If so, I would have completely understood that "No Outside Food or Drink" meant more than just someone sitting at their tables eating a ham sandwich. We did not intend to even sit at their tables. I had done the same action for decades before without this consequence. She could have politely, privately and/or quietly asked me to move on, it actually means their condiments also. † In retrospect now that we reflect on the actual consumption of each steak safely back at Pat's tables, my wife honestly remarked that the Geno's Steak bread was so-so and the "fried" onions she ordered with it were closer to the side of raw than the latter. My Pat's American with FO was enjoyable despite the incident, I tore thru it and then a second reorder in five minutes. The roll was soft, the onions and beef seemed fine; but I can't honestly give my latest review of a Pat's steak with certainty, †I just wanted to get out of the area as quick as possible; I was humiliated and my wife was deeply embarrassed. All due respect to the late Mr. Bento, I apologize if I slighted your house. But I am deeply disappointed that a company believes they can treat anyone in this manner for any reason. All this over 9/10ths of a cent worth of ketchup...
5933	9	2011-08-29	it's a landmark but it's not even worth driving to
5934	9	2011-08-28	Their racist and ethnocentric ways will make them fall. I walked by Geno's yesterday, about 4-5 people near Geno's while across the street at Pat's the line was literally around the corner 150 people at least. As for your 'please speak english, this is america'... how about "Please speak the language you want---This is America, not England"
5935	9	2011-08-25	Shameful how bad they treat foreign customers. Go to Tony Luke's, they promote and support charities "Eat For Peace" and another anti-addiction one. Not only that, Pat's across the street is much better!
5936	9	2011-08-24	Horrible! I've had better in New Jersey! This establishment oozes racism. Between the signs that read "Give us our country back" and "This is America speak English". †It's just a total mess. That's no way to run a business.
5937	9	2011-08-17	I had high expectations when we went to Geno's. The people were rude, and it wasn't busy when I was there. The cheesesteak had onions and cheese that was all. My husband wanted fries, had to order at another window, and they were like $4, way to pricey and they were lukewarm. I was very dissappointed by what we got. I will stick with our cheesesteaks in Balto. Capt. Harvey's has them totally beat!
5938	9	2011-08-05	I am sitting at Genos at this very moment, eating the absolute worst excuse for a cheese steak. †This tastes like microwaved crap, on spongy bread, topped with canned onions, and horrible cheese whiz, served to me †by the rudest counter person, that mumbled to me because her mouth was full of food while taking my order. †This will be my last time wasting my money here. †Off to get take away from the place across the street, for later when my stomach heals from this culinary attack.
5939	9	2011-07-18	Don't support racist establishments. I went here with my sister and her boyfriend (who is Mexican) a few years ago. We we went up to order, the staff would not even acknowledge my sister's boyfriend's presence, wouldn't make eye contact with him, didn't listen to him when i tried to order. Also, their decor is cheesy, it's like a Joe's Crab Shack in the middle of surburbia.
5940	9	2011-07-08	There's a sign there that reads: This Is AMERICA: WHEN ORDERING Please 'SPEAK ENGLISH'. That's so rude, a place like that deserves zero stars.
5941	9	2011-07-06	Go to Pats acroess the street, even though it's only slightly better.. †This place is racist, rude, and the food sucks. †The meat is stored in water, already cooked for who knows how long, and every ingredient is from a can. †It's probably because of such a high volume of people that they found ways to cut the corner... but it cost them the quality of they're food.
5942	9	2011-07-01	Terrible service. Subpar †food. A complete waste of time.
5943	9	2011-06-22	Geno's was highly recommended to us when our friends heard we were going to visit Philadelphia. †We actually asked a truck driver in the area what he would recommend and his comment was that the lunch wagon parked behind him probably had better sandwiches, but was not as well publicized. †We wanted an adventure, though, so we walked the 15 city blocks from our hotel and went to Geno's. † First, they should tell you that you have to order in a secret language. †If you order a steak sandwich with provolone and onions, the person taking the order rolls his eyes and mutters, "Provolone wit/" then looks back at you as though you're an idiot. † Also, as stated by previous reviewers, the service is rude. †I asked for one sandwich with and one without, received both with, and was given even fouler looks with I had the temerity to actually expect them to fix the mistake. †And then all they did was take the meat off, put different meat on, and hand me back the sandwich with onions all over the roll and melted cheese. But all of that could have been overlooked if the sandwich was one of those eye-rolling, face squinching, wonderfully delicious bits of heaven that we are sometimes lucky enough to consume. †The sandwich was...a sandwich. †No more, no less. †I have made better tasting sandwiches at home. †The meat had very little seasoning (it actually tasted like they boiled the meat with no salt or pepper and definitely no other seasoning). †The roll was nice, but again, it was just a roll. †I was lucky enough to have ordered onions, because that gave the sandwich a little flavor. †Unfortunately, my husband and I had been walking all over Philadelphia all morning and were really hungry. †I ate enough that I was no longer hungry and the rest went into the trash. † I will say that the birch beer was fabulous, but otherwise, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant (diner? shack?). †I did actually think that perhaps we came on a bad day, but after reading the other reviews, I have a feeling that the great tasting sandwich reviews are the exception, rather than the rule.
5944	9	2011-06-20	You can order a "pizza-steak" at this dump,but since "Joey"wants you to order in English,what word would replace "pizza"?...after all,pizza isn't an English word...."flat-steak"??? †I'll go somewhere with a little class...
5945	9	2011-06-19	I went to Geno's years ago and genuinely enjoyed my sandwich and the assembly-line style service. †Since then, the food and service have gone down the toilet. †They are so preoccupied with moving the line that they won't ask questions or listen to you--they throw disgusting cheez whiz sandwiches (with RAW onions!) at you regardless of what you ask for. †Since I have a dairy allergy, I totally wasted my money and since I had already paid, they completely ignored me. †Everything about the place says "Screw you if you don't conform" so if I hadn't previously had a good experience I would never have come to Geno's. †Even the fries are disgusting. †Please, stay away.
5946	9	2011-05-25	In short - Total Waste of Time. Over priced, overrated, embarrassing South Philadelphia clown show. $9 sandwich is a total ripoff, is really about a $4 sandwich. Don't waste your time, Tony Luke's or Jim's is much better. I noticed the signs requiring you order in English, interesting considering the people who took my order behaved illiterate and had a weak command of the English language themselves.
5947	9	2011-05-24	This was the worst Cheese Steak I tasted in Philly. If you are from Philly, you do not go here, unless you are pissy drunk in 2:30 in the morning. †Also, they are too expensive. †Off the cheesesteak topic, I also don't like how they have treated some Philly citizens. †However, they have the best marketing team!
5948	9	2010-12-30	Why would anyone go to this place is beyond me. †We went since this was recommended by the show man v food. We were disappointed. The food at any Subway is better. The service is better at a street vendor in NYC. The whole support the military is a gimmick. The staff is primarily losers who did not make it in the military. When I pressed one for his last unit, the faker was exposed and got angry. I am in the military and I am miffed that they use the 'support the military' to get customers Stay away from this place and go across the street or any place else. I am sick and tired of people using support the military to get business They are not pro america, they are just liars
5949	9	2010-11-29	I would rather pay $10 to eat dog shit in a roll than to support Geno's ever again. Myself being a Philly native who has given each and every cheesesteak establishment in the city at least 2 chances, Geno's is the only one that disappointed on both tries. This place needs Vegas style flare to sell a piss poor product. Don't be fooled by the glitz and glamor steaks here are small, bland, and terrible. I wouldn't wish that on anyone who really wants the true Philadelphia cheesteak experience. Whats even more pathetic than the sandwich are the employees. Rude, obnoxious people who serve you like you should be honored to be eating their food. No thanks,skip this shithole.
5950	9	2010-11-26	I don't know what is more disappointing, the sub-par food at Geno's or the fact that the Food Network and Travel Channel keep airing the "rivalry" between Geno's and Pat's. Too bad I noticed the signage after ordering my food, otherwise I would have walked away. †Call me fussy, but I really don't like to be yelled at while ordering my food, and having food shoved in my hand. †Sorry, I didn't brush up on my Geno's "lingo" and I said my order all wrong...I should be publicly flogged for that transgression. Keep your politics to yourself, and just be polite to your customers. †Funny, how something so fundamental is missing at this tourist trap! If you are really looking for a good sandwich try SOS (Subs on South), plus they will "happily take your order in any language."
5951	9	2010-11-19	FML for ever trying this place!!!! † I swear to you, I was so disappointed when I took my first bite of the steak sandwich, I wish I had brought my own philly steak sandwich to philly from los angeles.. †Truely the worst sandwich let alone steak sandwich I have tasted in my life.. †My 2 year old son's cheese and crackers taste ten times better and you know why?? †Because at least the cheese has flavor.. †The meat in the steak sandwich had absolutely zero falvor; even after adding their crapy hot sauce I couldn't make it palatable... †Besides the sandwich being terrible, their crapy attitutde was another issue.. †I wouldn't mind if they were proud of having a great tasting sandwich and they showed it but for having such a messed up piece of cardboard, they're way over their heads.... † The only time you should ever find yourself at Geno's in Philly is when you're passed out drunk and someone dumps your body on their benches.. †That's all I have to say about this Las Vegas wanna be nightmare....
5952	9	2010-11-14	Best cheesesteaks in Philly? A definite NO. I've found more flavor in a microwave sandwich. In combination to the unappealing food you've got the unappealing "staff" who acted like they just hate their customers. Combine the last element a gawdy right wing "God bless America and nowhere else" element made the whole experience unpleasant. Seriously they had "freedom fries" on the menu. I must have fallen into a time warp because apparently it was 2003 there. Also, I'm from the US and I really wanted to order in German just to make them angry over the "speak American" sign. I like my fast food to come without a political message being forced down my throat. Geno's is a long lined, unfriendly, overtly political, tourist trap serving overpriced and bland food. Also if you are a foreign tourist, or have some difficulty speaking English I'd check to make sure they didn't spit in your food. Best part of Geno's? Leaving Geno's and resolving never to return.
5953	9	2010-10-17	Geno Cheesesteaks had been one of the most profitable food business for many years, their steaks are delicious in taste and fast in convienience. how ever my last attempt to fullfil my hungry stomach a while ago had been the worst experience of service i have ever seen, i was harrased, and emotionaly injured, and extremely dissapointed with the way Geno treats their customers It was a wednesday late night around 3AM, my friends and I went to Genos purely on my suggestion that it was the best food in town. when i went in line to order a serving of cheese fries, one of the staff member took my 10 dollar bill and and told me it would be a minute before my fries were ready, I was expecting my change right away so i can be free from waitting and go sit with my friends. when i asked for my change, the first staff ignored me completely and went about her business, and another middle aged woman who was also a staff stood next to the cheese dispenser and told me " just wait, no body is gonna steal your money." - mocked me with the most disrespecting tone any one can dream of. two minutes later, the other staff member returned to the cash register and proceed to give me my change. suprisingly i was only given 1 dollar and 25 cents back after i given them a 10 dollar bill. the female employee who was just harrasing me before began to question my claim and as im stating that i clearly gave the other employee a 10 dollar bill. finaly they realized i did give them the amount i spoke of and gave me my change. the event above are 100 % true with no fabrication of anykind. i dont know about other Geno customers, but i personaly felt racialy discriminated and attacked by the way geno employee handle their maners and respect, i based this on the countless of talks where they send their customers to the back of the line if the customer had trouble speaking english. One thing Geno cheesesteak can count on is that they will never get my business again and ill tell every single soul i talk to in this city about the fact i just spoke of.
5954	9	2010-10-04	I was startled by the horrific, racist stickers all over this place and believe they are Anti-American. If you order food in an accent, you may not even be served! This is despicable. By the way, JOE, †the US government and the United States DO NOT have an official language and your grandparents could speak English either. By the time the nasty cheesesteak came out, I was not hungry because of the hellish atmosphere of this place. Cheesesteaks are food. It is not necessary to have a racist, Republican montage of images everywhere, reminding people why Americans have a bad reputation in the world. Serve your dead, hormone-ladened cows. Leave the rhetoric out.
5955	9	2010-08-20	I haven't eaten here in a while but, of all the truly bad & foul-tasting steaks that I have ever had, Genos wins first prize! I'll take Pats over Genos any day but, Genos AND Pats are the two most overrated steak joints in the entire city of Philly! Their prices are out of whack for something that you can get elsewhere that tastes better (With Genos that is a massive understatement, with Pats that is just true!), at a better price, and you probably won't have to drive as far to get it! They are the two most famous places, no doubt...so, if you are flamboyant, like Perez & Paris Hilton and you want flash over substance then go here and waste your money!
5956	9	2010-08-11	This is the worst steak and cheese I've tried and I've had many. I've had much better ones in no name joints in Boston. But the real reason why I wanted to write the review is because I was honestly shocked at how racist this place is. It's actually quite disturbing and I'm glad that other people are mentioning it also. Geno's has stickers on windows that say "speak english when ordering.. this is america." Shocked? How about the picture on the front with accusations against Mumia.. Don't eat here. Your money will be better spent elsewhere.
5957	9	2010-08-08	My family and I were visiting Philadelphia when we saw Geno's featured on a T.V. show while in our hotel room. Trying the iconic Philly cheese-steak sandwich was part of our plans and the show sold us on Geno's. What a disappointment! It was overpriced (over $8 a sandwich), barely any meat, which by the way was tasteless, and the fries and drinks were also ridiculously priced. My family felt robbed. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME and MONEY! We later noticed that what the street vendors were selling was more appetizing looking than Geno's. The only plus was the quick service--quick to take your money!
5958	9	2010-08-06	These people were pretty rude. The lady taking the orders just stares at you like you are an idiot. I really don't understand why they are racist either. This sandwich had crummy cheese wiz as it tasted like it was water downed. Pat's is way better, with at least 2 times the amount of meat, actually puts cheese on your sandwich, and it is 50 cents cheaper! The people there are also nicer and more pleasant to be around. Pass Geno's by and head across the street!
5959	9	2010-08-06	This was a little expensive but well worth it. †I told my Mexican/American friend that I would pay for all her drinks and dinner that night if she would just order her Geno's sandwich in Spanish. I'm lame and only speak English. She almost didn't do it but trust me it was hilarious. These guys are so racist it shouldn't be that funny, but it was. At first they just looked at each other and acting like they didn't hear her so she repeated herself. After that came the yelling and get off the sidewalk. Yeah we couldn't even be on the sidewalk in front of their store. Yo I don't know if you think this is your kind of entertainment but if you are in Philly and want to experience true modern day racism don't use English while ordering at Geno's oh and call them french fries they just love that too. Peace!
5960	9	2010-07-27	A BIT OVER HYPED..AND PAT'S..BUT IF YOUR IN PHILLY..I GUESS THESE ARE THE PLACES TO COME AND SEE for tourist..MY BAD.wasn't that good..my philly friends laughed at us when i told then that we went to try pat's and geno's...lololol..just was not good!! sorry. OVER HYPED BY TV (FOOD NET)...ONE MORE THING MAKE SURE YOU CAN READ AND SPEAK ENGLISH!!!lololololoolololollol TO ORDER.
5961	9	2010-07-26	I want to Genos this weekend after hearing how good these cheesesteake were. I was so dissapointed. I ordered the cheesestake with wiz. It tastes ike dry roast beef with cheese. The roll tasted like it was from Wawa. I could've made this sandwich at home. The people taking my order was nasty!! I asked my boyfriend when we got to the window what he wanted and the nasty woman thought thinking for 3 seconds took too long so she said in a nasty voice to the people behind us "next" I felt like going to Genos inconviced her because she †had to do her job. We then had to go on another line to order fries and drinks. The woman at this window wasn't a ray of sunshine but not as †nasty. Overall I would not come back here because of the terrible cheesesteak and unfriendly help. This place is too hyped up. The next day I went to Tony Luke's. O.M.G the cheesesteak was so juicy and the meat was tender. I ordered it with wiz. It looked about a foot long and cost 7.25. Genos was maybe 6 iinches and and was 7.75. Tony's was amazing no wonder I had to wait 1 hour. Genos I waited 1 min in line. If your looking for the best philly cheesesteake go to Tony Lukes you will not be dissapointed.
5962	9	2010-06-21	I HATE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!! Chink's is better.
5963	9	2010-05-11	I moved to Philly in 2003 and did not try Geno's until this past year. †I don't know why I took so long to try it, but I was definitely not missing out on anything. †The cheesesteak tasted like cardboard drench in oil. †No, scratch that. †That gives the impression that the meat was actually moist. †It tasted more like cardboard that had oil brushed onto it. † My friends had a try of the meat and told me that Geno's must've been having an off day because it usually wasn't that bad, but seriously, how can any eatery let their standards sink so low? †I wish I could give negative stars because I feel robbed. † Never coming back.
5964	9	2010-03-30	Here's why you shouldn't go to Geno's Steaks. Of course there was the controversy over the sign posted a couple of years ago requiring customers to order in English and there was a lot of back and forth about this being offensive, possibly discriminatory or a violation of the owner's right to free speech (if only the general public really understood what the right to free speech meant, ugh). Anyway, the owner of Geno's (Joe Vento) led a recent trip with a tour company called Conservative Tours. The company is designed to appeal to more conservative minded folks (no real problem with that, but a little odd considering the group most likely consists of those who are white, correct me if I am wrong). Well this group recently visited Italy led by Joe Vento, owner of Geno's Steaks and the mastermind behind the sign mentioned above about ordering in English at his place of business. Well, word on the street is that Mr. Vento ordered his food in Italy in English or tried to. He had the help of an interpreter when English was not understood by whomever was taking his order. Mr. Vento was also handing out T-shirts to Italians and guests of his tour with his famous slogan about ordering in English. Is this guy that out of †touch that he believes that others should be required to place their orders in English at his establishment, but that he can visit another country (where English is not the native language) and that it's okay for him to not order in that country's language? Yes, he is completely out of touch, out of his mind and beyond hypocritical. Why do the words conservative and hypocrisy always seem to work so well together? Go to Pat's across the street. The steak is better anyway. Geno's may have more flash and more lights, but that is just another example of this man's extraordinary ego. I have always liked the idea that "less is more" plus I would not intentionally patronize an establishment owned by someone who would display such arrogance by demanding something of others that he could not produce himself. Imagine going to Italy wearing that t-shirt and then not even attempting to follow his own belief. Italians shouldn't have to take his order in English especially when they are not welcome to place their order in Italian at his restaurant. Oh, I forgot, it is the Mexicans (or those that speak Spanish) that he was really addressing with that sign. Discrimination and hypocrisy at its finest. Also, I heard the Italians laughed at the t-shirts and thought the guy was a total joke (and not the good kind).
5965	9	2010-03-09	1 word YUCK
5966	9	2010-01-21	I can't believe the city keeps promoting this dump. Geno's was good fifteen years ago. I don't †even think they are in the to twenty now days. The owners heavily †advertise but their product is sub-standard. Pat's steaks who are the original inventors of the cheese steak is much better and cleaner
5967	9	2010-01-17	This is a total tourist trap. I feel bad that some tourists only go here and that's their lasting impression of a real Philly cheesestaek. The steaks are not prepared fresh, they are already wrapped and ready to hand over the counter (don't even expect a smile, these guys are the dourest you'll find anywhere). Basically you get a crap roll, a flat piece of "steak" and a ton of cheese wiz. I'd call it the McDonalds of cheesesteaks, but that would be an insult to McDonalds. Go to any other local steak joint and you'll get the real thing, this place is just crap, I work on South Street, there are probably a dozen better options within 5 blocks of my job, and...wait for it....they make your steak fresh to order!!!
5968	9	2010-01-16	Tourist trap. The owner is a racist and their steaks taste like ass. If you have a brain, you'd go elsewhere.
5969	9	2009-12-18	Yuk. I was so turned off by the rude staff and stupid racist signs they had that I just took one bite of what looked like steamed rubber and threw it in the trash. It looked and tasted like a heart attack. I don't know how bad of a food you must be used to eating to enjoy this greasy rubber looking hot mess that they serve. I would not even feed this to my dog so I definitely don't recommend this for any other human being.
5970	9	2009-12-04	take a pass and go to jims on south street. †the xenophobic crap is offensive and free mumia.
5971	9	2009-09-19	Awful! †All the hype is for nothing! †Save your time and $8. †Find out where the locals eat, it's definitely not here.
5972	9	2009-08-09	I was recently in Philly for the UFC show and decided to stop by Genos. I can flat out say that was easily one of the worst cheese steaks I have ever eaten in my entire life. There was nothing special about it other than the long line and the 45 minute wait. The steak had no flavor, it was cold, the cheese wasn't even close to melted and the slices of meat weren't to far off from steak um's quality. I was greatly disappointed. I ended up getting a better cheese steak at the downtown Marriott. †I would give Geno's a negative rating if Yelp had the option.. Don't fall into the tourist traps!!!!! IMO Philly Cheese Steaks are vastly overrated and you can find a good cheese steak just about anywhere in this country.
5973	9	2009-07-20	To make a long story short. The place is gaudy (neon sign) and bigots. The sandwich is only famous because of celebs.There is no flavor or taste outside of the cheese whatsoever! I asked for the works and they put some barely fried onions on it! What a joke! Garbage totally. I'll try Pat's next time but I can get a better cheese steak from my local Italian pizza joint. I'm glad I finally went because I wanted to know what the hype was about but there really is none. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!
5974	9	2009-06-11	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE The worst cheese steak sub I have ever tasted....... My family and I drove from Baltimore to Philidelphia to eat this sub. Saw Geno's and PaT'S advertisement on Diners Drive inns n Dives. Wanted to try it so took a day trip . †Traveled from home Baltimore and arrived at Pats first. Hmmm, not to bad just not enough meat . All the lights and carnival attractions took us to Genos. WHERE's THE BEEF!!!!!!!. My goodness what a joke. Could not believe it. I was so embarrassed. My family asked togo home to EAT. Disappointed. theywere so hungry.After spending 7.50 and 1.50 for a drink for each of us Iwas broke. Tolls too. you know . Anyway Pats was better ,but come to Baltimore and eat a Filetties †cheese steak sub I promise you you will not be disappointed. $4.75. and you can make 2 subs out of 1. So much beef . dDelicious.
5975	9	2008-09-20	Pat's or Geno's..Geno's or Pat's - the real winner is you, if you avoid both altogether. †The place is disgusting, as you get closer to the place you wonder if you're going to be swarmed by rats, then when you're up against the shack, the grease overwhelms you. †Of course, if you're still able to eat after seeing the place, the food will knock you out.
5976	9	2008-08-23	I was on a roadtrip and wanted to see what the hype was about with genos †so we redirected our route and went there. What a waste of time, it was "customer appreciation day" like anyone wants to listen to that clown suckin up to joey vento and playing oldies music. The food was crappy and scrappy. There was almost no meat and the cheese was hardly melted. Ive had better at subway. He should really change the name of the place to genos world famous best philly breadwich because thats all there was too it. Dont waste your time at that dump and go to quiznos.
5977	9	2008-06-19	This place is foul. Not only is their food god-awful, the people who work there suck too. Go to Tony Luke's if you want real food, and a great cheesesteak. If you are in that area, go to Pat's instead. It's not top-notch but it's a thousand times better than that terrible excuse for a food place Geno's. I feel disgusting just writing about it.
5978	9	2007-07-28	I tried this place once and will never go back again. †The cheesesteaks are overpriced and mediocre at best. †You can get a better cheesesteak, plus a can of soda and chips, for $5 from any street vendor, while Geno's charges $7 for just the sandwich. †Plus, there is very little meat on the sandwich and it is not that flavorful. Price and mediocrity aside, the owner is obviously a major jerk. †"Order in English" signs are all over the place, and he actually sells T-shirts that say it, too. †Now, keep in mind that Geno's is a MAJOR tourist attraction. †Tour buses routinely stop there because it is such a legendary place (don't ask me why.) †Many of these tourists are visiting from other countries and probably do not speak English very well, if at all. †Anyone who goes out of his way to make a major portion of his customer base feel unwelcome certainly does not deserve to be patronized and raised to iconic status, especially when his food sucks. Finally, I agree that those who immigrate to this country should learn to speak English. †However, I am also aware that learning a new language, especially a difficult one like English, takes a bit of time. †I am sure that even the great Joe Vento's parents took at least a year to become reasonably conversant. † † If he seriously wanted people to learn to speak English, he would take down the "order in English" signs and instead post signs advertising the local English language instruction center - you know, signs that actually inform people where to go to learn English instead of simply demanding that they do so.
5979	9	2014-10-19	This has to be the worst and most expensive cheesesteak I have ever had my entire life, I can make a better one without even trying. I do not recommend this location to any tourist or anyone who has been told they are "good". You can go to any local corner store (papi store) and get a cheesesteak and fries (that taste 10x better) for literally half the price of one cheesesteak without Cheez Whiz at Geno's. This place is waaay tooo pricey.
5980	9	2014-10-16	Geno's is like the old man river's version of cheese steak and Pat's is like the greatest heaven on earth.. I could never see in passing up Pat's cheese steak for anything.
5981	9	2014-10-07	Just okay...parking is hard....it is kind of dirty...it's better if you go to a food chain/restaurant. Save your money and go experience a Philly cheese steak elsewhere to avoid disappointment.
5982	9	2014-09-26	its okay nothing to brag about
5983	9	2014-09-17	Overpriced!!!!!!!!!
5984	9	2014-09-10	Just like Pat's, its overpriced and overhyped. †Skip both.
5985	9	2014-09-10	To sum up my feelings about this place in one word: "NOPE!"
5986	9	2014-09-07	With all the buzz around having to try a Philly Cheese steak with a side by comparison of Pat's and Geno's I really had much higher expectations. † To be honest I've had better cheese steaks not in Philly so the only big difference which people who live in this area seem to really love is the wit wiz option which is basically that nacho cheese whiz filling which you can get at places like 7-Eleven on your nachos or by melting that Velveeta cheese. †Prepare to put on the calories though. The one thing I really enjoyed about this place over Pat's was their bread, it's soft and has a nice chewiness that goes well with the cheese steak however I found their steak meat to be overly dry and not as flavorful as Pat's. I wouldn't return here in the future, I've had my side by side comparison and satisfied my earning to see what the buzz was/is all about so my experience is complete. Everything here is ala carte as well, you gotta buy your cheese steak apart from your fries. †It's all cash too so at the end of the day for a combo meal you're paying more than $20 for fast food which is ridiculous. P.S. I also had the cheese fries which weren't that good, it's the same cheese whiz they slather in the cheese steak. CASH ONLY.
5987	9	2014-08-12	Geno's Steaks - Tourist Trap #1A Tourist Trap #1B goes by the name of Pat's Steaks. Yes these are the two Cheese Steak places that you will see in the Philly Commercials and people around the country associate with Philadelphia. For that reason they can sell what ever they want and people will still line up! aka "The Tourist Trap" It bothers me, being a Philly native, that most tourist's think that this is what a Philly Steak is, and they have to eat low grade fatty gristled Crap! Its sad and embarrassing to know that people from around the country, and around the world think that choking on gristle is just part of enjoying a Philly Steak. I'm giving Geno's and Pat's 2 stars instead of 1 because, Hey, at least you get an iconic photo-op in front of the place! Just do yourself a Big favor and eat somewhere else!
5988	9	2014-08-08	Totally over-hyped. †Tony Luke's does a much better cheese steak.
5989	9	2014-08-07	Despite Geno's is very well known, I don't think it's THAT special to stand on the line to try out. †To me, it's just one of the typical Cheesesteaks you can get. †I didn't get any distinct flavor that differentiates Genos from other restaurants. † If you love cheesesteaks, you can try.
5990	9	2014-07-13	Meh, describes this place perfectly. †I'm from Philly I know the deal. †The food, mediocre at best. †There are so many places with better cheesesteaks. †So many. So is Geno's cheap? NO! They're actually expensive too! †A cheesesteak, fries, soda †is gonna set you back $16 ! Now go eat outside! †Honestly, I don't know why people keep going here. †I guess the bright lights at night attract the drunks, but that doesn't explain the daytime zombies.
5991	9	2014-06-23	I know this is one of the iconic cheese steak places in Philly... but it always makes me a bit ill. Tastes good going down... its the later that I could live without. Go there once if you must but there are definitely better places to get a great cheese steak
5992	9	2014-06-22	Not a friendly staff. One guy behind the counter threatened to "lay me out like a chump" when I complained about a rude remark he made to my wife. The sandwich tasted good though.
5993	9	2014-05-31	over rated garbage!
5994	9	2014-05-28	This goes out to everyone who does not live in Philadelphia and is coming to the city to get a "real" steak. Do not go to Pat's or Geno's; you can do much, much better in Philly. First of all, the line is always long, and the service is nasty.Secondly, and most importantly, the steaks just aren't that good. It's the truth people. Do a Google search for best cheesesteaks in Philly, and go with one you never heard of. I promise you it will be better than Geno's.
5995	9	2014-05-15	If you want a cheese steak at 3 am, you probably won't find any better; however, if you want a cheese steak at 3 am, you may very well not be functioning at 100% brain capacity, so you deserve what you get. If you want a cheese steak at 3 PM, and you find yourself here, you are probably a tourist who is hungry after running up the steps to the Art Museum. Again, you get what you deserve.
5996	9	2014-05-15	greasy.
5997	9	2014-05-09	With all of the hype over there cheese steak you would think you'd be getting something at least partly delicious. The customer service sucks and their steaks are dry. I've definitely eaten better and would say save your gas or go across the street to Pat's
5998	9	2014-05-03	The guy who used to own this place was kind of a creep. †I don't giving my money to people I don't particularly like. †The food is ok.
5999	9	2014-03-23	same as Pats, if you are a tourist go
6000	9	2014-03-06	Heck I don't even know why they're still open I hate to say. I thought the other place was for tourists but this is really a trap for tourists. This place should be embarassed to be serving cheesesteaks. I usually don't like to say too many bad things because who knows it may have been an off day but the meat was cardboard and didn't even taste like they put any salt in it. I mean, bad
6001	9	2014-03-04	Pats steaks is much better. service is lousy!!!
6002	9	2014-02-22	Greasy and unhealthy.
6003	9	2014-01-26	wayyyyyyy overrated....has the name and hype for tourist but along with pats wayyyyyyy overrated!!!! † dallesandros and mamas pizzeria are wayyyyyyyy better!!!
6004	9	2014-01-12	Will never go back.
6005	9	2014-01-04	I dont get all the rave about this place. the meat was tasteless and tough. the people are rude and ignorant. why?? why???
6006	9	2013-12-03	Meat is kind of fatty and they are not known for their great customer service. You need to know what you want when you get to the front of the line.
6007	9	2013-11-25	I like pats better
6008	9	2013-11-21	Is it a cheesesteak? Latest Visit: 10/1
6009	9	2013-11-21	This place is a tourist trap. †No self respecting Philadelphian would eat here unless completely intoxicated. †So many better cheese steak to be had in South Philly! †And get over yourself- I am a Philly native and refuse to use your asinine slang. †If I order a sandwich from you I fully intent to use proper English to describe what I would like despite your eye-rolling.
6010	9	2013-10-14	I purchased five steak subs and two of them were not what I ordered. There wasn't much meat or cheese on the subs. The meat did not have any flavor.
6011	9	2013-10-01	Better than Pat's but not worth the $$ or the trip down there!
6012	9	2013-09-17	Rude worst customer service. Other than its glitzy lights, nothing is glitzy about this place. The cheesesteak is actually not bad but the people are rude.
6013	9	2013-09-15	As a resident of Philadelphia and long time cheese steak enthusiast, Geno's is very over rated. I have had better, way better.
6014	9	2013-09-04	what happened to you?! Not only the service has gone down, the food quality and their high caloric cheese steaks aren't good anymore. There washed out.
6015	9	2013-09-02	Cheesesteak was good, people that work there are jerks.
6016	9	2013-08-21	Nothing to rave about...overpriced cheesesteaks...but hey, at 3 am, its good enough!
6017	9	2013-08-11	Coming from a true south philly resident, This is certainly NOT the best cheese steak in philly. Genos is not even in the top 5. If you want a true philadelphia cheese steak stop by Jim's steaks on south street or Philips steak on 22nd street
6018	9	2013-08-08	Without trying to get into a battle over which one is better, I've been to Geno's and Pat's many times. †Both are overpriced tourist traps but I find myself here many times after having a few drinks. †Without a doubt, it's obvious that Geno's gives the bare minimum amount of meat in order for it to still taste like a cheesesteak. †You're spending 9 dollars on a steak for less than a dollar's worth of meat. †The best thing one can possibly do if they find themselves here is to walk across the street to Pat's where you'll get a superior steak.
6019	9	2013-08-02	So everyone from Philly knows that no one goes to Geno's (or Pat's for that matter) for a cheesesteak. There are so many neighborhood spots which are more authentic, and these places are set up and operated to attract tourists. Personally, if I have friends over from out of town, I make cheesesteaks for them myself. Fresh steak and provolone, peppers/onions and a good roll from the Italian market (or local south Philly shop) is the best way to go. Anyway, I went here recently with a group and found that pricing has gone up and service/quality of food has definitely declined. Folks behind the counter literally couldn't care less about what they're doing, nor will they ever. They're "Geno's". Tables are never wiped down and you're probably going to feel a bit hurt when they give you your total. Expect to pay close to $10 for cheese fries and a soda. Overall, I understand that they are established and they have a certain arrogance about that but they have definitely gotten ruder and more †unkempt over the years and it simply doesn't leave a good impression on out of towners.
6020	9	2013-07-31	I used to go to Genos not any longer long line bad attitudes and pre cooked steaks at $10 a sandwhich there are better places to eat in philly
6021	9	2013-07-23	Never understood the hype. Save a drive - cook up some steak-ums in mayo, add some cheewiz and BAM, instant geno's.
6022	9	2013-07-18	To be honest I love Jim's steaks and always will...I only came to genos just to see if it was at least on the same level as Jim's ...but of course once again It was waste of my money...just like pats , this place is the McDonald's/Burger King of cheesesteaks!
6023	9	2013-07-17	The steaks were good, but the service is just too rude. †I know it's part of the magic, but they take it too far. †Parking is not good.
6024	9	2013-07-04	Geno 's Steaks †love the hot peppers ... †The atmosphere is ok too especially when the celebrities sneak to get a steak there.
6025	9	2013-06-25	To be honest, this place doesn't live up to the hype. Two cheesesteaks and drink will cost you $20. The meat is pretty dry, crowd can be rowdy and irritating if you go late at night. Overall, it's nothing special.
6026	9	2013-06-24	Both the cheese steak and the freedom fries were not that tasty. I was a bit disappointed.
6027	9	2013-06-17	I think Geno's is loosing the battle with Pat's. So sad thought
6028	9	2013-06-13	Don't buy the hype! Over priced and lousy in taste.
6029	9	2013-06-10	Geno's has a lot of nerve to say that they have the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. First of all, the place itself has some issues. For one, there are multiple pictures posted of the founder next to signs saying things such as "It's America - speak English when you order" or "I'm mad as hell; I want my country back." This turned me off from the place immediately, but I still decided to try their cheesesteak since it is well-known. Because of the popularity of the restaurant, the service is brusque and borders on unfriendly. Now, moving on to the actual food: I noticed two major problems that, together, create a sub-par cheesesteak. First, since they serve so many people, the steak is not cooked to order. You get your food only a few seconds after ordering it. Although this may allow them to serve more customers more quickly, it makes for a cheesesteak that is not nearly hot and fresh enough. Further, the steak is chopped into unusually large pieces. I suppose this must just be how they do it at Geno's, but this customer certainly felt as though it decreased the quality of their product substantially. Had I got this from any old restaurant, I would have just shrugged, made a note that that restaurant doesn't have very good cheesesteaks, and moved on. However, Geno's is widely popular and claims to be the best. I can only understand its popularity by guessing that most of its customers are tourists who don't know any better, and I find its claims to greatness to be, frankly, insulting to one of my favorite foods.
6030	9	2013-06-03	Most people who live in and around South Philadelphia don't get cheese steaks from here. †It's for the out of townies who don't know better. †I would rather walk down to underdog's and get two hot dogs, fries and a drink for under $10, rather than paying almost $10 for this lousy steak. †Oh, and the people that work there suck too.
6031	9	2013-05-26	not a great steak, †one of the worse. †i cant believe people wait in lone for it. †. †they dont chop up the meat so its in big chunk form like frozen steak ums. †im guessing the food bugdet goes to the bright lighting and the gmc hummer parked out front then to actual good steak. † † †as for the spek english or die sign. † all the people i know that english is their 2nd or 3rd language never want to not speak english when they are purchasing something. †its odd that geno's came across this so much they had to put up a sign.
6032	9	2013-05-16	Not a fan, overpriced and way too sloppy for my liking.
6033	9	2013-04-26	I personally don't really like Geno's and prefer Pats much more. Gino's does not cut up the cheesesteak meat very much (they serve more chunks of meat as opposed to Pats who serves more fine-ground beef). In addition, the staff is pretty rude (especially to tourists) and the food and drinks are definitely over-priced. Nonetheless, it's a classic venue in Philadelphia and I would definitely recommend a visit to it.
6034	9	2013-04-07	For tourists.
6035	9	2013-03-10	We want to Geno's and I was very disappointed. The meat is whole and not chopped like in most cheese steak sandwiches and had no flavor at all. It was also very fatty. However, the bread was very good!
6036	9	2013-03-09	Better then pats. Problem is they mass produce cheesesteaks so they are no longer fresh.
6037	9	2012-12-17	One of the more famous places to get a cheesesteak in philly, probably one of the worst too. do yourself a favor and skip pat's and geno's. Jim's on south street or Chink's is much better
6038	9	2012-11-19	I came all the way from Maryland because Philly is supposed to have the best cheese steaks. Geno's didn't deliver. The bread was chewy, the sandwich was barely warm, it didn't have much meat in it, and the fries were just ok. The woman at the counter was rushing me, she asked me for my order twice before the customer in front of me even left the counter. †It was like a McDonald's for cheese steaks. You probably have to be famous to get a fresh one. It didn't taste bad but I've had better in D.C. I did enjoy all of the pictures and patches though.
6039	9	2012-05-13	The most overrated steak place in the city. Its my dads favorite cheesesteak spot but he's from South Carolina so he doesn't know any better lol. †Dry, weird looking steaks with bland flavor If you want a real Philly steak go to a pizza store or Max's in North Philly.
6040	9	2012-03-31	Having seen this restaurant on TV numerous times as one of the "musts" to try when in Phildelphia, I was totally disappointed with the food. Now, don't get me wrong, the cheese steak wasn't horrible, but it is HIGHLY OVERRATED!!! I have certainly had waaaaay better cheesesteaks from sub shops across America. There was absolutely nothing that wowed me!!! I drove almost hour to get a mediocre sandwich with an attitude and nowhere to sit. If you are in the area, stop through and get a descent meal, but DO NOT make a special trip...you will be disappointed.
6041	9	2012-03-04	Idk what happened between last year and now. I was anticipating my trip to Geno's, I was already nearby for the annual Flower show. I was disappointed!! The taste was sooo off...the attitude I got from the overly made up lady behind the counter, the stiff fries....I won't be going back there...ever!! †Geno's fell off BIG TIME!!!
6042	9	2012-01-11	Me and my fiance' visited Geno's last September. I was the one who dragged him there, since I assumed since I have seen them all over the food network, then it had to be a "must try". I enjoyed the wait in line, more than the food. The photos along the walls and inside the covered awning were interesting. However, when it was time to order my food, I had mixed reviews. There are no signs telling you how to order, so I informed the female working at the first window that it was my first time ordering. She responded, "yeah, I can tell!" I guess she didn't care about promoting good customer service, since she knew that many unsuspecting customers would be coming to them anyway, with all the publicity they have received. However, when we went to the second window to order our fries and drinks, we conversated with a very nice young man, who helped us finalize our order and even thanked us. He was obviously too young to be jilted by the older employees who could of cared less about anything but making money and getting through the day. As for the sandwich itself, the bun was good, but the steak was disappointing! There was harldy any meat on it and the meat that was there was tasteless! I just assumed there would be an option to have green peppers, mushrooms etc., but no..only onions. We had the fries with cheese. I thought the cheese just "drowned" the fries, but my fiance' enjoyed them. So..for us, it was not a good enough experience for us to return. Geno's needs to be thankful (due to publicity/media) that they will continue to have many other folks visit, who like us, did not know any better...until we actually got there!!
6043	9	2011-05-19	Not worth the price or the drive to get there. Have had much better cheese steaks from local sub shops. Save your money. Only good for a 2 am cheese steak,open 24 hrs.
6044	9	2011-05-07	Bland. Pat's across the street is a little better. Slightly better seasoned. Totally overrated at $9 ea. †Wouldn't pay 3$for it.
6045	9	2011-04-19	Geno's is the other famous cheesesteak place in Philly. Like I said in my Pat's review, one has better meat, one has better cheese, but I can never remember which is which. It's a great experience and something magical about this particular intersection where the roads intersect. It's like a movie location. I wish I could give more stars, but as far as sandwiches go, it's a little flat (just meat and cheese). However, you gota try it at least once! & order properly..it's "wit wiz!" Check the YouTube videos for how to order a Philly cheesesteak without getting laughed at.
6046	9	2011-03-16	go to pats. †way better. its right next to eachother.
6047	9	2011-02-10	I was in Philly and had try a cheesesteak. †I got a wiz wit from Genos. Gotta tell ya, not too impressed. †Maybe it's a victim of hype, I dunno. I could definitely make a better one without too much forethought. Hot sauce was plus to add it.
6048	9	2010-11-27	Let me just start by saying if you are a Philadelphian you obviously are going to try this place atleast once. However I don't recommend going back more than that. And to be honest with you pat's isn't that much better. so why there is a war between the two places beats me. Looking for a good steak and decent fries? Leave it!
6049	9	2010-05-20	I didn't enjoy the cheesesteaks as much as I did from Pat's. The sandwich itself didn't look very appealing and the lady at the counter was a mean bitch. The bread and whiz here isn't as good. The steaks were slightly better but not a huge difference. I had their cheese fries, it was okay. Can't compare it to Shake Shack. Geno's definitely look flashier and nicer from the outside but food wise, it's not that great. Next time I come to Philly, I have to give Jim's a try. I heard theirs is off the hook!
6050	9	2010-04-07	Not at all close to the hype on TV. †Went to Geno's as a first ever visit to Philly, but not impressed. †The servers were a bit rude and the cheese steak was ok, pretty skimpy on the steak for the price. †Get the wiz since otherwise the steak will be dry. †One other thing is why two windows one for steak and the other for fries and drinks? †What I liked about the place was the speak English sign...totally agree that is something that needs to be said more often.
6051	9	2009-12-01	Went out of my way on vacation just to stop at Geno's for a Philly cheese steak. The steak itself was bland and while the taste with the wiz was just OK, I was real disappointed with the lack of steak in the sandwich. Went there expecting a great sandwich and left there looking for something else to eat.
6052	9	2009-11-29	Took 4 hours to get there from NYC due to a 20 mile backup on the New Jersey turnpike. †Finally get there and it was a short line. †Ordered a whiz wit. †Both Geno's and Pats are living off of hype, was nothing special about either of them, steak has no flavor, Geno's is really small. †Just to say you ate there or if your starving at 3 am is the only reason to go there, i'm sure there are much better places all over Philly.
6053	9	2009-11-07	Don't get me wrong, I love philly... But i've had way way better cheese steaks then Genos. †Ive had better at a Gas station in philly that had a little kitchen. †Im assuming the hype is because of the location, all the lighting on the building, oh and that it was on TV! †The food network i think it was? †Good business for them from all the tourists though.
6054	9	2009-09-28	my buddies and i took a road trip across america and geno's and pat's were amongst our stops. least to say i had higher expectations for both.
6055	9	2009-09-05	We ordered 2 cheesesteaks from Geno's (while on vacation in Philly, decided to see what all the hype was about). †Both with onions, one with cheese wiz and one with provolone. †Both were dry and mediocre. †I liked that Geno's has hot peppers on their condiments station and they had more seating than Pat's. †We also went across the street and bought a cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions from Pat's to do a taste comparison. †Pat's bread seemed fresher and their meat had more flavor. †Don't get discouraged when you pull up and see the lines for both places, they churn out service pretty quick and they are very efficient. †Overall both places were not bad but not spectacular either. †If you decide to try it, go to Pat's, they're much, much better.
6056	9	2009-07-10	Seriously overrated after all the press they get, I went but it was okay. Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're in the area and you're hungry the portions are good.
6057	9	2014-12-27	After reading many of the reviews-- and having had scores of Geno's steaks over the years, †I think the trick is to courteously tell the order taker EXACTLY how you want your steak sandwich! † Yes, †the staff are true South Philly types, but despite their ATTITUDE [like some police], if you treat them with great respect- they will accommodate you and eventually actually be nice! I never could understand how anyone could prefer Pat's, across the street... As to their obnoxious, distasteful signs, †never could figure that out. † †Always thought it might just be a way to gain attention and advertise themselves [which worked, †I understand when they first put their anti Spanish signs up, †business increased dramatically due to large TV local AND national coverage-- no other logical reason as it clearly must antagonize a lot of people... seems crazy but I guess if you are in tremendous demand you can be as obnoxious as you want. That said, †I've never had a Jim's or Tony Luke's, but the reviews seem to say they are better. † I'll try them and let you know.
6058	9	2014-12-09	How I heard of this place: We were up in West Chester, PA, briefly, and decided we had to visit with our good friend Samyar before the long traffic-entrentched road trip back to Arlington. Wanting to sample some good ol' Philly Cheesesteak, Samyar recommended one of the two best in Philly: Geno's. So, we made our way to the bright orange, neon signs that made Geno's easily seen from any direction. Type of cuisine: "Geno's Steaks was started by Joe Vento back in 1966. He figured that if he was going to sell a steak, he had to be where they were already eating them...at the "X" shaped intersection of 9th & Passyunk in South Philadelphia. Joe learned the cheese steak business from his father who in the early 1940's opened "Jim's Steaks". In 1966, Joe started "Geno's" with $6.00 in his pocket, 2 boxes of steaks and some hot dogs." According to their website, "The ingredients are simple, exacting and never greasy thinly sliced rib-eye steak, melted cheese, oven-fresh baked bread and delicately grilled onions. Awaiting your piping hot sandwich on the counter outside are ketchup, mustard, relish and Joe's choice hot sauce." Ambiance: Good thing we were warned while standing in the street, in line for our orders. Samyar let us know that we say, "One with...(fill in the blank with type of cheese between Provolone, American or Cheese Whiz) and with onions (or without)." Writing this, now, I also see that Geno's has also enlighted it's website readers, "Be prepared and know how to order, because the service is fast and the line keeps moving. For example, on a cheese steak with onions, specifiy which kind of cheese you'd like. By the time you have given your order, your money will be taken and your sandwich will e out the window nice and hot! At the next window you can pick up your soda, fries and coffee." This is no joke! Walking up to the eccentric, slightly overboard signage denoting Geno's from blocks away, over the fenced field housing a community garden, one is immediately inundated with orange. The chest-height, glossy, orange-tiled walls with a blue-tiled stripe, the awning overhead noting: "Geno's Welcomes You!" and the orange, plastic picnic tables attached to metallic pillars with an orange cover cannot go unnoticed. While there is no indoor dining, these casual tables find themselves under a canopy on the sidewalk "for those who wish to enjoy sandwiches on the premises rather than drive off with them". The condiment bar, a large, chest-height, metal box with an opening on the side facing the order windows, offers Cherry Peppers, Ketchup, Mustard and Relish. Large, locked, glass display cases include badges which ornamented civil service members throughout the years. Everywhere from the walls above the orange tiles to the ceiling can be seen such memorabilia, including plaques in memory and honor of. A Path of Honor lays the foundation in the brick tile-work that leads to the ordering windows from the street corner, in between orange horse-heads set atop metal pillars chained to one another. As we watch, hawk-eyed for a spot at the orange tables, we find one at the far end, closest to the ordering line, and snag it while no one else is paying attention. At the table, on the table, we see numerous photographs, set like a collage, underneath a thick, plexi-glass table surface. Our sandwiches, wrapped in wax paper with the Geno's logo, immediately in front of us, awaiting the first bite. What I ordered: I ordered "One with Provolone and onions." Chris seconded. Samyar selected "One with American and onions." (Each sandwich: Price $8.33, Tax $0.67, Total: $9.) At the next window, we also placed two orders for Cheese Fries ($4.60 plus $0.40 tax, for a total of $5), a rounded container of thin-cut fries drenched in Cheese Whiz. What I loved: I loved the cherry peppers at the condiment bar, fluffy, juicy and just spicy enough to give a kick, without numbing your taste buds. I also loved the relish, surprisingly. I have never been a fan of relish, especially store-bought, pre-packaged. This relish had larger cut pickles and less of a sweet flavor. I enjoyed the salty, tangy taste of the pickles with the otherwise, slightly dry sandwich. Why I loved it: The bright orange, the casual atmosphere, the large bikers with tattoos the size of my head on each arm working the kitchen line and the scruff woman at the register snapping our orders across the room behind the plexiglass separating us from them, inside. Cost: High ($9 per sandwich, sides extra)
6059	9	2014-12-05	I went to philly a few months ago, and I made sure to check both Pat's and Geno's. Overall, there was very little difference in the two restaurants. The meat, the bread, the cheese. You could easily get a similar or better heesesteak somewhere else. The history of the restaurant doesn't make it any better than a regular cheesesteak.
6060	9	2014-10-27	I had some cheesesteaks with them. The meat was easy to eat. I got wiz wit.
6061	9	2014-10-25	I prefer the one i go to now over Geno's anytime I'm in the neighborhood! nothing personal. I just have a picky taste and they do not make a bad one just not what i am used to getting.
6062	9	2014-10-22	It was good. No complains i enjoyed it
6063	9	2014-10-04	Does it live up to the D? ;) ...Possibly but the lines are too long :(
6064	9	2014-09-30	Good steaks, they might have good quality steaks, but they don't give the most quantity. They offer quick service that makes that long line speed by. Going there on a busy night might mean that you are left standing there eating your steaks
6065	9	2014-09-16	Not the best in Philly, butt definitely the best on the historical corner. Open late, so always an option.
6066	9	2014-09-09	Meh, Pat's is better, Jim's on 4th and South is the best. Might be worth driving by when you're in town and snapping some pictures, but that's about it.
6067	9	2014-09-08	Geno's Steaks, located at 1219 South 9th Street, in Philadelphia, PA is OK; but I still like sweet peppers on my steaks along with the fried onions (and none of that Cheeze Wiz that many of the "younger" generation crave). †For the green peppers and onions on the steak, I go to Pat's, King of Steaks, across the street.
6068	9	2014-09-04	I've been to both Gino's and Pat's, and they're decent as far as the cheesesteak goes. But I've had better. For whatever that's worth.
6069	9	2014-08-23	I was disappointed with Geno's cheese steak. I guess it's just a tourist attraction. I had steak with wiz cheese & onions on bread, nothing fancy and no flavor. I thought at least the onions we've been grilled to give it some flavor. The fries were really good though.
6070	9	2014-08-17	Not a big CheeseSteak Fan, but this place is consistently good! Weel done!
6071	9	2014-08-17	Last review for a weekend of reviews: Took some out of town friends here for lunch today. Decent. Pats got a new sign across the street, that people in line in front of us were talking about. Now to the steak.......kind of fatty. Thought "the chewy fat" would be cut out while on the grill. The "wiz" sauce or actual cheese will have you craving more! Who cares what it is....wow! Will return for sure.
6072	9	2014-08-15	Staple of philly for tourists but there are plenty of other cheesesteak places that are better.
6073	9	2014-08-12	We went at midnight on a rainy Sunday and were the only ones in line. I ordered my cheese steak properly and my order was repeated properly, but came out wrong. I ordered one cheesesteak, whiz, with onion. Didn't get the onion. No big, there was a line by the time I opened it and having worked in similar places like this I wasn't going to complain. I went to get my soda at the next window and stood there for about 2 minutes while an older guy talked to a younger guy, and both of them acknowledged I was there but didn't bother coming up to take care of my order. When the older guy did come up he was still in his conversation and blaming the young guy for not telling him I was there. That †was the extent of the experience, now moving onto the food. I had Pat's across the street the day before so I wanted to try a handful of different places during the week. The sandwich itself was really good, but not quite my favorite cheesesteak I've had. There's really not much more to say I guess. There's hundreds of places across Philadelphia to get a good cheesesteak but this one in particular doesn't stand out. It might have warranted a 4 or maybe even a 5 if I had gotten what I ordered and they didn't waste my time so they could chat. I wouldn't expect anything more than standard service and it didn't deliver. † Also, I was a little put off by the whole "freedom fries" and "Speak English because this is America" stickers. That's somewhat ironic coming from a place that has a huge international tourist following. The freedom fries thing is long past too. I'm as patriotic as the next but that just seemed tacky.
6074	9	2014-08-05	Place is very expensive Quality of the steak is good but it could be better taste so plain they don't put mayo on your sandwich for you which sucks wen going to do so and it's food already on my bread
6075	9	2014-07-29	Overrated...food is exceptional...people think they are better than anyone
6076	9	2014-07-05	I am not a big cheese steak fan. But when anyone comes to visit the want to go to get a philly cheese steak. I have had them they are ok. but you can't go by me I only eat one once a year.
6077	9	2014-06-08	love their steak with onions
6078	9	2014-06-04	Geno's may be one of the most famous cheese steak restaurants in the world but in my personal opinion they are not the best. †All Philadelphians have their specific favorite and most don't agree on who makes the best in town. †Many Philadelphians think Geno's is the best and it's a great place to go if you are only going to try one cheese steak when you are visiting Philly due to their reputation and wild neon ambiance. † I personally find the best cheese steaks to have the cheese melted on the roll under the meat because it keeps the roll from getting soggy & you can really taste the cheese. †That is not how Geno's makes theirs. †On the other hand, they are better than most small, single store cheese steak restaurants who make cheese steaks similarly to the way Geno's makes theirs (with the cheese mixed in with the meat). † One of my favorites is actual a single storefront but my other favorite (my #1) has multiple locations and it's most famous location is on South Street with big black and white checker tiles on the outside. † If you are going to South Street you must try this place!!!
6079	9	2014-05-30	If I had a choice between one or the other (the other being Pat's across the street) I would choose Geno's. Really this place is more popular for its history in the city and draws a huge tourist crowd. For the occasional visit when you are in the city is fine, but it gets packed quickly at night (even more so after any Philly home games) but for a really good cheese steak without waiting forever in line head somewhere else.
6080	9	2014-05-23	everyone knows that Geno's is better then Pat's stakes , because at Geno's †they use more meat on their stakes for your money. plus Geno's †workers tell it like is, SPEAK ENGLISH WHEN ORDERING , OR DON'T ORDER .that's why I come here.
6081	9	2014-05-02	finally tried their cheese steak after living in philly for almost 15 years. †It is very expensive (almost $10) and doesn't give you the option with/ without onion. †Compare with the cheese steak that I had in other places, I think Geno was just so so, doesn't worth $10 and you probably can get 2 whole cheese steak else where with that price
6082	9	2014-04-29	I love their cheese fries but I don't like the steaks. Too fatty in my opinion
6083	9	2014-04-24	its not the best cheese steaks in town, whether the tourists of the world believe it or not...but it is a good a** cheese steak. and being open all kinds of hours of the night is pretty convenient for patrons under the influence of alcohol and in need of a full belly and some time to kill. †i do prefer geno's to pats, but be prepared to know exactly what you want and how you want it. good stuff, but not the best.
6084	9	2014-04-18	While a visit to the cheesesteak place or places is a must for the tourist, as a local - there are plenty of other places that have much much better cheesesteaks. But Geno's is about more than the food, it is an experience that is part of Philly and a good stop for any tourist.
6085	9	2014-04-11	Good spot for tourists. Better than Pat's.
6086	9	2014-03-26	Decent but not the sae quality as pats
6087	9	2014-03-26	just a short walk down the street lye's Geno's and for a Philly Steak Sub you can go wrong here...
6088	9	2014-03-23	its a good steak but way over priced
6089	9	2014-03-11	I have had a few in my day. †Not bad but over rated in my opinion.
6090	9	2014-02-28	Better than Pat's, but Steve's Prince of Steaks is by far the best steak in Philly - now open in center city.
6091	9	2014-02-25	We started seeing the iconic steak joint in Geico commercials and decided to give them another visit for nostalgia sake. So many great options for steaks around the globe these days and better choices in Philly, but still nice for photo op and Whiz!
6092	9	2014-01-25	i was only there one time
6093	9	2014-01-18	Ventured to the OTHER SIDE of the road to see what GENOS had to offer. Good Cheesesteak! Their service was super fast and fun to watch them making all these sandwiches during lunch time. Good fries too. Enjoyed the greasey drippins and overall had a great meal.
6094	9	2013-12-11	there are better steak places but id go here befor pats!! lived 3 blocks away my whole life soo i know haha but they wont stop people from going because pats and genos has a great atmosphere and its a great experence †going there but the steaks are blahh
6095	9	2013-11-19	Decent late night steaks, They use cheese wiz; not real cheese. †I don't think they are really worth it!
6096	9	2013-11-18	Good steaks. †They use cheese wiz; not real cheese. †Place is a Philly staple so you have to go for the experience. †If you have this steak for lunch you will not need to eat dinner. †I actually get better Philly cheese steaks in South Jersey.
6097	9	2013-11-14	Decent late night steaks, but there are better places to go within city limits, as well as out in the Burbs.
6098	9	2013-10-05	Overhyped because all other cities cheesesteaks suck. Not a bad cheesesteak but certainly not a $9.50 cheesesteak. Worth a try and that's about it.
6099	9	2013-09-26	The place is good, but there are better out there. †I would recommend tony lukes for those who havent tried it. †But genos is still definitely good! †It is a fun place to stop and get a bite with friends. †I prefer to have my steak chopped up though!
6100	9	2013-09-22	great cheese steaks
6101	9	2013-09-14	Long trip from Brooklyn NY, to find out this place was more of a big media trap than a great tasty steak sandwich. The meat was dry I had to add ketchup to it. Usually a Philly cheese steak is juicy with peppers onions and cheese! This place is missing the basics. I can make a better one on my own! The cheese fries were good. I wish i read the reviews before I drove there. The best part of this place is that the service is fast, fast enough to taste my sad sandwich.
6102	9	2013-09-11	Good experience, atmosphere and food. †If you are visiting Philly, you owe it to yourself to check out the place. †The best time to go in late at night.
6103	9	2013-08-24	Its AIGHT; but aint about em
6104	9	2013-08-17	Philly icon lives up to it's rep for good steaks, but not the best I ever had.
6105	9	2013-08-11	this is in a ROUGH area with no parking. †The cars we did see parked on the street were in tight spots (common in a large city). †What is crazy is that the gangs appear to take any vehicle that sits for two minutes as a canvas so some were incredibly tagged. †We went here based on recommendations and the rivalry with Pat Kings. †Overall, the sandwiches were good but we preferred the rival's. †Both are worth trying and seeing what you like.
6106	9	2013-08-09	this is a staple of the city. make sure you know what you're ordering or you will be shamed =)
6107	9	2013-08-01	I think Mama's on Belmont Ave. in Bala Cynwyd †is better and so is Tony Luke's on Oregon Ave. Tommy DiNics at the Reading Terminal and Nicks Roast Beef are all better values and you get bigger portions.
6108	9	2013-08-01	the food is mediocre and the price is high. I would go to somewhere else to get a better deal for my bucks
6109	9	2013-07-24	It's a tourist spot, the prices keep going up and the quality of the steaks seems to be decreasing. †There are better steak spots in the city, but there's no denying the allure of the 9th & Passyunk cheesesteak scene to the uninitiated.
6110	9	2013-07-16	Definitely not the best in Philadelphia but not so bad
6111	9	2013-06-27	Geno's is good but I always been a fan of Pat's :/
6112	9	2013-06-21	Pretty good food most of the time. But when it's bad, it's bad. Very conveniently close to my house which is a plus.
6113	9	2013-06-11	The bread is large but the meat is small.
6114	9	2013-04-30	Pat's? Geno's? I have to be honest, there is a food truck near the Liberty bell that does it better than both of these, but it doesn't have the novelty of Cheese Steak Vegas.
6115	9	2013-04-25	They are ok. †Kind of a tourist trap.
6116	9	2013-03-09	3 stars for the cheesesteaks 4 stars for the bright lights for picture taking at night. Much more picturistic compared to the other places if you like taking pics of tourist spots. Geno's has the least Cheesesteak selections compared to the other places. It's either a steak with your choice of cheese with or without onions or a Pork sandwich I think but not too sure since I only order the Cheesesteak. Like Pat's- parking can be tough, outdoor eating area, no restroom if you eat there and 2 windows to order- 1 for the steaks and the other for fries and drinks. I ordered a Cheesesteak with wiz and onions. The bread is better than Pat's. The Wiz was very watery. But it was an okay Cheesesteak nonetheless. I'm not going to comment about the attitude about staff being abrupt or rude because the staff at Pat's and Jim's act the same way too at times. Or the perceived political controversy because we're talking about food here. You have a right to eat here as well as not to eat here. That's your choice. I enjoyed my Cheesesteak at Geno's and will come here again. And I'll do what I always do and walk across the street to the other company and get the mushroom cheesesteak too. But that's what tourist do. We compare the both when down that way.
6117	9	2013-01-14	We stopped by on our way home from NY and we tried both places. First was Geno's it was ok pretty bland no flavor and bread was harder to chew, the meat was sliced not hacked it was alright. †I guess we expected more. Sorry we preferred Pat's steak better.
6118	9	2013-01-01	Pretty good steaks...Their closest competitor still has the best around though..
6119	9	2012-12-14	I think the best cheessteak I've ever had was at Barclay Prime. But for the money, this place is alright. It's more of a tourist attraction. Family from our of town ask me to go down there. I prefer my neighborhood pizza shop, honestly.
6120	9	2012-08-27	After seeing several shows about the rivalry between Pat's Cheese Steak's and Geno's, we decided to go to Philadelphia and try them both (along with two others). The result was the conclusion that Geno's was much better. Geno's cheese steak (order it with wiz and onions, the best and most popular style) had a lot more wiz on it. The bread was better, and the steak was ok. Do Not, however, come here if you're sensitive to any prejudice. I read one review on here that talked about xenophobic propaganda, and I thought the reviewer was just exaggerating. They weren't. The windows you order from were filled with bumper stickers that stated "press 1 for English, 2 for deportation," "thank your teachers only if they taught you English," and several signs showing Muslim men who had killed a police officer. The food was great and if you have to choose between the two, choose this place. It turns out that ignorance is bliss and so are their cheese steaks.
6121	9	2011-10-10	Planned a trip with my family in July because I wanted to taste an authentic Philly cheesesteak. †8 of us split up between Geno's & Pat's. †I was at Geno's and the guy accused me of being a "napkin stealer" because he saw me get napkins from his place and I was wiping off my brother-in-laws leg who had just come from Pat's. †So I said to the guy I with them meaning the rest of our group who was a Geno's and he just gave me a look. †Their steaks were alright could have used more meat on them. †I've had better in Jersey!!
6122	9	2011-09-28	Genos roll is better than Pats but the whole steak is not.
6123	9	2011-07-13	Tried the Geno's & Pats challenge and I liked Pats better. Geno's was still pretty good however. I cant stand the long line at either places but I was there on a holiday weekend so oops.
6124	9	2011-06-15	its good, but there is better
6125	9	2011-06-03	One of the "staple" Cheesesteak places. †Go for the Cheesesteak, ignore the politics. †Have a nice day!
6126	9	2011-04-14	We been there couple times. People expect too much from this place since it supposed represent one of the top Philly cheesesteaks.The food is not as good as all the TV food shows make it out to be. The atomsphere is ok, at least the neon signs and stuffs represent part of the neighborhood vive and its history. The price is ok, slightly overprice for the food + atomsphere you get. The cheesesteaks are just typical - good for very hungry folks. However, if you're looking for a tasty cheesesteaks, then try some places else.
6127	9	2011-02-26	From what I've been told by the locals, both Pat's and Geno's get their steak, bread, cheese, onions etc, etc from the same distributors? †If this in fact true, the only difference between the two is Pat's chop the steak and Geno's does not. †It's really a matter of preference not quality or taste. †In my opinion, the best cheesesteaks in the country are at Carl's in NYC! †No question about it, the bread makes all the difference in the world.
6128	9	2010-09-22	I'm really surprised Geno's got such low reviews. I know I haven't been here in a minute, but from what I remember, the steaks are pretty good here. Then again, any cheesesteak in Philly's gotta be better than anywhere in Jersey/New York.
6129	9	2010-06-28	Very long line. Maybe open a second window? Don't like the whole racism but the Cheese Steak and Cheese Fries were amazing.
6130	9	2010-05-22	The best Cheese steak in Philly when your drunk. I love going to Genos after partying at old city. Three stars for food One star for rude employees at Geno's. Geno's employees sucks
6131	9	2010-01-27	Geno's steaks is grrrrreat!!!! I went to see my online friend south philly Billy for a weekend in Bryn Mawr for a weekend last week. South Philly Billy lives in the basement in his mom's house in Bryn Mawr. He's got a sweet setup!!! He's lived in Bryn Mawr all his life and only been to south Philly once when all of us online friends dared him to go to south Philly bc †he was all messed up on jolt soda and melaluca pills and on a 73 hour world of warcraft binge, so we nicknamed him south Philly Billy!!! †He was so hungry and delirious we told him to go and get a real cheese steak from Geno's and he did it!!!! He usually gets his steaks from Sun Valley and that place stinks blue Nav'i poopers!!! He said Geno's steaks was like tasting what Avatar unobtainium †would taste like if it were in cheesesteak form!!! I wish they delivered to Bryn Mawr!! Me and south Philly Billy are online world of war craft friends but we also call each other and watch "American idol" together and I had missed a bunch of episodes bc of my current active social life and he had them tivo'd so I flew to Bryn Mawr and played world of warcraft and watched American idol together, especially bc our friend Neil was gonna be on!! Neil totally rocked the place!!! And he was totally sweating less than usual!!! But that super nerd Simon wouldn't let Neil pass. phwwwww. I totally think this idol is rigged, Neil was the best!!!!! So we drank away our disappointment....we each drank, like, 4 jolt colas!!! And I was super messed up and I dared him that we should go to Geno's steaks in south Philly...all that cool cola courage made me so impulsive!!! So we did!! South Philly Billy is a total tough guy, so he insisted on driving...well we made it to GENO'S Steaks in South Philly and no one threw 40 oz bottles at South Philly Billy's Mom's minivan!! That was such a plus. The line was super duper long and we got in and South Phil Bill said that I needed to summon all my Seinfeld "Soup Nazi" power and to carefully walk in line and order fast; otherwise they might send me to the back of the line!! Gollly! †that place smelled so good!! There were a couple of girls in line ahead of us and they had lots of hairspray and makeup and it looked like their hair was riding a wave. South Philly Billy is totally a ladies man, he has gotten the furthest out of all of us online gamers bc he is by far the best looking....he once touched a girl where she peed!!!! Honest Abe!!! So he started talking to these girls with the wave hair but I got nervous bc I didn't want to cheat on Katia so I didn't say anything and just listened.....the girls were natives of the neighborhood and told us we better know how to order!!! I thought : "Geez Louise Antifreeze how hard is it to order a cheesesteak!??!?!?" The line slowly moved and South Philly Billy got his steak and all of a sudden it was my turn!!! I was so nervous I was sweating like crazy!!! I slowly walked up and stuttered " one south Philadelphia cheesesteak please" Guy: "What the F#ck do you want?" Me: "One South Philly Cheesesteak please" Guy: "Wiz wit?" Me: What game is that???? Guy: "get ta the back of the line schnook!!! This happened about 6 times and on my 7th time waiting in line I just said "YES" when he said "WizWit" and I got my cheesesteak!!! It really was like tasting Avatar Nav'i Unobtanium in cheesesteak form!! The meat was dry and salty, and the cheese whiz had melted all the way through the bread and meat...my only complaint was I didn't order any onions! Im allergic to them!! †PHwww! I had to pick them out one by one but it was soooo worth it!!!! Next time I visit South Philly Billy in Bryn Mawr we are totally going to Jim's---even if I have to walk out smelling like an onion!!!
6132	9	2009-05-03	I've heard some mixed reviews on Geno's and I figured I would give it a try. I wasn't all that impressed. †I waited in line for about 15 minutes. †I ordered a cheesesteak with the whiz and onions. †I finally received my cheesesteak opened it and took a bite. †The cheese whiz and onions were amazing. †As for the steak itself, it was very dry and cold. †I think I will try Pat's next time.
6133	9	2009-03-13	its ok but i think its over rated, pat is better
6134	9	2009-02-05	Geno's is basically in the same boat as pats, only the meat is a little better. The people are even better then those at pats. If you go at four in the morning and the owner is there he is alwyas ready to share a story with you about one of the hundreds of picyures plastered around the building and on the tables. The food is ok, but no where near a great , the steaks are on a scale of 1-10 a 5 and the fries are an 8. I am raised and born on philadelphia and so is geno's they even donated 400 thousand dollars to the mumers parade, which our "great fucking mayor" did away with because of his "budget cuts" (take a pay cut you dick). Anyone from philly will tell you when you ask for a great staek that you go to any cornerestore or deli.
6135	9	2014-11-23	I love the novelty of the place you feel like your somewhere special with the Vegas style lights, and seeing all the famous people that have been there only downfall is the prices just keep going up and up.
6136	9	2014-10-29	very good
6137	9	2014-10-25	Now here is a place That I have to vote on as the best in Philly for sure. If you have been here you know they are they bomb don't hate and you cant say there competition is better no sir. I go here all the time and will continue to do so. go genos!
6138	9	2014-10-21	Really good food, would go again!
6139	9	2014-10-10	Whoever doesn't rank Geno as having at least 4 stars doesn't know their cheese steaks. These things are addictive and for a good reason. World Renound. Number one! The one and only Genos!
6140	9	2014-10-08	How anyone can give this place less than 3 stars is just being a nitpicker. Though, I prefer to go to Pat's (since they invented the cheesesteak). The cheesesteak is good, the staff does their best, and it's a Philly icon. The place is clean. Prices are average for Philly.
6141	9	2014-10-01	Cheesesteak was pretty good, albeit this is quite a touristy place and I'm sure there are plenty of better places in town, maybe without the hype but good or even better. Went for one here followed by another at Pat's. I preferred Geno's bread, but was more a fan of Pat's steak which was filleted and just less dry, with more onions. And the dried red pepper gave it that oomph!!
6142	9	2014-09-26	Hi, I was visiting Philadelphia for one of my friends marriage. We decided to try different places and Geno's steaks was one of them because it was nearby. It was a wonderful experience. The bread was very soft and fresh. Meat was very juicy while the Cheese was ok. Wasn't so impressed by the customer service though and the seating area. Will definitely come back.
6143	9	2014-09-16	Cash only and rude as can be. Cheesesteak was amazing and worth the abuse, but I would expect that the bad service would get old after a while. Not a great part of town. The line was all the way in the street, good thing they only take cash or the line would have been all the way to Center City.
6144	9	2014-09-11	there good but not as good as jims steaks on south st but genos is definitely the runner up I recommend them
6145	9	2014-09-04	I love Geno Steaks. Every time I visit center city I make sure I stop by and get one. Fried onions, wiz and ketchup yummmmmm.
6146	9	2014-08-27	Really good Philly steaks, been a customer since 1969, juicy and tasty to the last bite ! The best !!
6147	9	2014-08-13	Ok so the steaks are good yea,little costly but whatever,the thing I don't get is why the hell do they have the hot sauce in a red container like its ketchup!!!! I put it all over my cheesesteak before I knew it wasn't ketchup!!!!! Change the damn hot sauce jar!!!!! It looks like ketchup !!!!!
6148	9	2014-08-09	Great Philly Steak.
6149	9	2014-07-31	Always great, wish they took credit cards though. Its 2014 wake up
6150	9	2014-07-30	i went there one time before had the pork chop sandwich. not bad at all but just needs some more meat
6151	9	2014-07-07	:)
6152	9	2014-06-26	I like the Genos over pat's any day of the week.
6153	9	2014-06-26	This is where I had my first cheesesteak when I moved to Philadelphia. Other than maybe Pat's across the street, there is no where else to have your first. I personally prefer geno's just because I think its a bit neater and the presentation is nice. If you're disappointed, you clearly don't know great food!
6154	9	2014-06-18	It is an experience thing, and something fun to do. †Buy one at each place, †cut them in half, †or um, tear them in half, and share the halves with a significant other or friend, etc and compare them. By the way, †its not racist to ask a person to order in a language that the person taking the order can understand. †It is racist however, to insist someone learn the language you want to order in because you refuse to assimilate and learn the language of your adopted country. Ive been to other countries, †and I assure you, †they expect you to learn their language if you want to live there.
6155	9	2014-06-03	good cheese steaks, great location lots of lights.
6156	9	2014-05-28	They are like an exact replica of Pat's steaks, plus MAD lighting. Ridiculous amount of lighting and decoration to try and show up the originators across the street, but I just cannot betray Pat's. I will admit, I have taken the challenge. I have bit into a steak from each place, pat's and geno's, and I can't tell any difference that would force me to choose one over the over, based off of taste alone. Since I love Pat's cheesesteaks, and Geno's is almost an exact replica, I have to give them a high score. I stick with Pat's being the best only because they started the whole thing and allowed everyone else to hop on the bandwagon, but HEY, these competitors did a great job imitating.
6157	9	2014-05-28	I do not go into the city too often but Geno's is a nice treat when I do! †The steak is delicious, the American Cheese sauce is to die for, the cheese fries are amazing. †Just make sure you know what you want prior to ordering! †The lines get long but it moves quickly - don't be the one that holds it up!
6158	9	2014-05-13	Yummy food and cool environment... where can you go wrong...? I think I could have stopped after the salad but the smell from the kitchen was too much to handle...
6159	9	2014-04-27	A little flashy, but I love the patriotic atmosphere. It is a staple of Philadelphia, and I personally †think its cheese steaks are way better than Pat's. There is always a huge line but it moves pretty fast. It is also a great place to satisfy your hunger after a long night of partying. I would recommend the wiz wit
6160	9	2014-04-19	Solid, better know how to order.
6161	9	2014-04-09	I'll give you a 4 because Pat's is 5. But you're still good Geno's
6162	9	2014-03-16	I love their food. †I will be back there again.
6163	9	2014-03-10	The perfect Philly experience: A Pats Steak paired with Geno's cheese fries
6164	9	2014-03-10	One of the top Philadelphia Steakery's, can't beat a juicy, greasy Cheesesteak after a great night out or for you Eagles fans, to enjoy after a loss!
6165	9	2014-03-01	A cheesesteak can only be so good. And it doesn't quite get better than Geno's. Their steak is sliced, not shredded like Pat's across the street, and many other locations would. Everyone compares this to Pat's, so here's my answer; I ordered "American without" at both locations; you get your steak with american cheese on a bun, nothing else included. Not sure who honestly likes cheeze whiz, so I can't comment on the quality of those, but whether it be the steak itself or the cheese, this sandwich is the best I've had. Anyone can cook the shredded steak like Pat's. Honestly, go to your local pizza shop and order a cheesesteak. You won't really tell the difference between that and Pat's. Find a place that makes sliced steak sandwiches like Geno's, with American cheese that tastes this good, and you let me know. A word of advice; this places serves probably thousands of customers every week. They do not need your business. They need to get you out of the way so the 50 people in line behind you don't leave. Figure out what you're ordering before you get to the door and have your cash ready. Speak clearly and you'll get what you want. And of course, since their menu is written in English and all of the staff only speaks English, order in English. That's not racism, it's common sense.
6166	9	2014-02-27	Genos Steaks are amazing. Love visiting whenever I can with my family when I'm in Philadelphia. A bit fast paced but thats what you get for such a popular food spot!
6167	9	2014-02-22	Great Steak one of the best
6168	9	2014-02-17	In the South Philly cheesesteak wars my money is with Geno's. Go for the provolone.
6169	9	2014-02-16	Great steak with cheese whiz! My favorite although I'm also a fan of Pat's and Jim's. But I had a great one today at Geno's :)
6170	9	2014-02-07	I give this place the slight edge over Pat's but both are good in my book. Have to get the steak with wiz and onions. Order a steak and enjoy the smells while you eat and then lock the doors and get the hell out of there!
6171	9	2014-01-25	Geno's definitely has the best steaks †in Philly. I admit that the prices are high, the xenophobia is off-putting and the location is tough to park at but the steaks are perfect! I always take cheesesteak newbies here so they can compare to other steaks they have around the city. It's a fun, touristy kinda place. The staff is all Philly....kinda rude but they love their steaks, As far as a day to day place to get a steak I would def not go through all the havoc of coming to Genos but its a nice treat once in a while. Just dont go on the weekends when the tourists are waiting in an hour long line. I prefer to go later at night after the bar, nothing is better than a cheesesteak at 3am.
6172	9	2014-01-16	an ok steak
6173	9	2014-01-12	This place has been on my list from when I first moved into the city over 3 years ago because of the outstanding reviews and top reviews this place makes. †The food was good, nothing outstanding, but I guess I just had higher expectations. Consequently, I would have even rated this lower, but Jose, our server, was the saving grace of this place. †He had a tremendous knowledge of the menu and had some excellent suggestions when it came to the food (my favorites of the night: PHILADELPHIA CHEESE-STEAK). † Why 4 stars? †Because of a mix-up with the kitchen, my plus 1 and I had to wait close to an hour for extra napkins Jose came to the rescue again and gave us a complimentary cheese plate for the mix-up after we finished before dessert. †Not so bad? †WELL...my date found a small hair in her cheesesteak, and because we waited so long, we weren't going to be THAT guy to send it back so we cut around it and left that in the plate. †Looking in hindsight, I should've sent it back because of the money I spent here so I think it is very kind for me be giving 3 stars. I understand this may be a one-off-scenario with a place like this, but I am really not sure I will be coming back anytime soon. †SO, to sum up, Food - 2; Service - 5 (THANKS JOSE) Again, take this review as a one off, but I expect places like this to be top notch for everyone, and I guess I was that unfortunate odd-ball-out.
6174	9	2013-12-10	Love it!
6175	9	2013-12-04	i think geno's has better cheese steaks but pat's has better cheese fries. my opinion but i always choose geno's with extra hot bell peppers. yum! oh yeah, better know what you want in advance and just say what type of chesse and with or without (fried onions). i.e. wiz with or provolone without. otherwise, you'll get some eyes rolled. that's philly for ya.
6176	9	2013-12-03	Love Genos! †Best cheesesteaks I've ever had!
6177	9	2013-10-30	Heard it was the best, and it was really good. Great, fast service to boot.
6178	9	2013-10-20	yummy steaks
6179	9	2013-10-16	I have been here and I love the steaks! †The meat and cheese melts in your mouth leaving you wanting more! †One negative, it is a bit crowded there and a bit dirty on the ground, and not enough employees are employed to take care of guests concerns. †However, if you're looking for a good old fashioned steak, "Geno's" has one of the best!
6180	9	2013-10-04	Love the steaks :-)
6181	9	2013-09-28	When in Philly try a "real" cheese steak right? I looked up the most popular ones, and read about Genos VS. Pats, right across the street from each other. So we figured we'd try one from each. We tried Genos first, and then went over to Pats. You definitely need to know exactly what you want when you get up to the window. These guys don't play around. No one was rude, they are just very to the point, and all about getting the food out quick. The cheese wiz was really good though on these Philly steaks, I had never tried that before. The meat at Genos was more like thick slices, and I prefer the more "chopped up" meat at Pats. Genos bread was much softer though and thats my preference. They did have a sign at the ordering window about speaking english if you expect service. Apparently kind of controversial. I thought it was hilarious, myself. †So between Pats and Genos, I'd say I preferred Pats overall. Just be sure to order correctly- I was listening to other people order before and after us, and you can tell the locals from the tourists for sure. The locals simply for a "wiz wit onions". †Really funny. The steak was good though, I would certainly eat there again.
6182	9	2013-09-25	pretty good, but i still prefer patt's
6183	9	2013-09-19	Great philly landmark and I am firmly in the Geno's camp, just tastes better to me than Pat's. Always hit up Geno's before any sporting event that I attend.
6184	9	2013-09-17	This is a Philadelphia icon. †The meat is juicy and blends really well with the cheese. †The fries are also really tasty.
6185	9	2013-09-16	I have loved Geno's for years. Hadn't been there for a while. Just went back and it was delicious. †Great cheesesteak and fries. Service was ok, but the food brings it to a 4.
6186	9	2013-09-10	I went back to genos last week for the first time in years loaded steak lots of meat, the roll could've been better ,the place is still the cleanest in town, a good place to take out of towners for their first steak!
6187	9	2013-09-08	love that its open all the time
6188	9	2013-08-30	Real tasty..not a huge sandwich but meat was tasty and the bread was excellent. I was impressed especially after reading some of the negative reviews. Went there on a Sunday afternoon waited maybe 10-15 minutes in line. Staff that I dealt with, the cashier, was okay but I wasn't looking for pleasantries. Just wanted a cheesesteak. Good experience.
6189	9	2013-08-21	I had my first Geno's steak not long ago and it was very good! †I don't venture into this part of Philly very often. †I've been to this area only twice before and both times got a Pat's steak. † Went for Geno's this time and was not disappointed!
6190	9	2013-08-20	Very good steaks..
6191	9	2013-08-11	My family and I visited in-laws about a year ago and I wanted my kids to try an authentic Philly cheesesteak. It was tough to find parking and the area wasn't so great. On the bright side, we all loved the cheesesteaks although it wasn't really what we were expecting. All of my friends were telling me how amazing the cheesesteaks in Philly were so I was expecting an experience that was completely out of the ordinary. The sandwich honestly tasted about the same as some of the places that I go to into in the OC when I am at home. Still a good sandwich though...
6192	9	2013-08-05	yummy
6193	9	2013-07-23	No matter which of the Philly favorites you favor it should not mean that you don;t enjoy the others product just as well. I prefer Jim's but that does not mean I have not spent many night at Geno's. Not only great taste but also an experience.
6194	9	2013-07-23	I love their fries!!!!
6195	9	2013-07-02	I've been going to Geno's for almost 30 years! †I;ve always loved the food and the staff is a bunch of real people - thats a compliment. I miss seeing Joey powerwashing the sidewalk after I would pull up at 5 in the morning on my way home from after-hours! †but the place is still great and as clean as ever!
6196	9	2013-06-28	Not the best cheese steak but its pretty good
6197	9	2013-06-27	One of the best places to get a famous Philly cheese steak from. Delicious food, †fast service, †food so good you get hooked.
6198	9	2013-06-26	The cheese steak here is better than the one across the street. I am sure for this but the price is kind of expensive for half hoagie steak.
6199	9	2013-06-26	Being from Philly, it would be a true tragedy for me not to visit and indulge in Geno's. Needless to say, I have been a true fan all my life. Though I am not one for the lines, I don't mind considering they are open so late or shall I say early in the am. I love the fact that there is outdoor sitting, I can watch my food being made the service is great......Always a repeat offender of Geno's.
6200	9	2013-06-24	I don't care what anyone says, the steaks here are fabulous. The staff isn't the friendliest but its Philadelphia for gods sakes! A true landmark.
6201	9	2013-06-21	Pretty good they screwed up once though and put onions on my steak.
6202	9	2013-06-20	GINO'S & JIMS'S best cheese steaks in Philly
6203	9	2013-06-09	good food
6204	9	2013-06-08	Been to geno's steaks! They are pretty good. But I like prince of steaks better.
6205	9	2013-06-06	Geno's Steaks is great! Absolutely love it!
6206	9	2013-06-05	Geno's or Pat's - you seriously have to try both! They are both Philly landmarks! I agree that you can make one just as good at home, but it's the experience you are paying for. It's like going to Pinks if you are in LA! A must do!
6207	9	2013-05-31	If you want a REAL cheesteak hoagie, this is the place to go. †I used to live only a couple blocks away and I really do miss the succulent chopped meat, melted cheese and fried onions sizzled on the grill to perfection a few times a week. †Now I have to take Septa to get there but I know if I want it done right it's time to hop on that bus.
6208	9	2013-05-26	As an outsider I must say that both Geno's and its friend across the street are top notch for the traditional steak sandwich (each with their own twist). †I prefer not to choose sides and simply recommend to try them (both).
6209	9	2013-05-25	Geno's I believe is way better than Pat's. I believe there steaks should be chopped like a proper Philadelphia cheesesteak. The rolls a great. The lines are really not worth the wait for either place.
6210	9	2013-05-09	Great Steak's, real americans! I know everyone has their favorite CS but Geno's still does it right. Look forward to my next trip here for a cheesesteak at 9:30 in the morning
6211	9	2013-05-07	I prefer Pat's but no doubt I'll come here and switch it up every once in a while
6212	9	2013-05-03	My favorite cheese fries ever! I
6213	9	2013-05-01	good steaks!!!! †better than pats
6214	9	2013-05-01	while joey vento has passed away the family has continued his ideals, the meat, cheese and rolls are always fresh, they move very quickly to fill your order the only thing i am not so happy with are the fries, they just taste odd otherwise the sandwiches are very good
6215	9	2013-02-05	Geno's wasn't to bad for a cheese steak. †I had a mushroom cheese steak and it was Great!
6216	9	2013-02-05	Excellent cheesesteaks. †Bread is crispy outside and soft inside. †Meat is savoury. †The sandwiches are a bit saltier than most, and I like them that way. †Park nearby so that you can be sheltered from the heat or cold while you devour.
6217	9	2012-09-09	Geno's is a Philly icon, and for good reason. †The 'wiz wit' seemed like a bad idea at first, but upon my first taste, I realized how mistaken I was. †Provolone? Was I seriously getting provolone for that long? †God almighty, I was missing out! †I've seen a lot of bad reviews on this place, and I've decided that its a sign of the end of Western Civilization.
6218	9	2012-09-02	Visiting Philly for the first time I and a colleague had to stop by an authentic cheesesteak place. †Got a tip from a life long Philadelpian to try Geno's and/or Pats, so off we ventured forth. †Got to say coming down 9th Ave. to get to both these places was a trip and a half since we don't have brownstones in Seattle. †We decided to stop at Geno's and get our fill there. †Ordered a cheese steak ""with" and was not disappointed. †OMG......greasy steak with cheese whiz and onions - holy crap Batman is was soooo freaking good. †Got some cheese fries with it as well and they were OK (that's what gives this place four and not five stars). †I'll be back in a couple of weeks to try Pats, but got to say as a a native West Coast'r Geno's was pretty damn good.
6219	9	2011-08-21	My favorite place for Steaks been going there for years and will continue to do so and the fact that he has English only signs †up makes me love the place even more so...I'm lmao at all the Gino's is racist comments..yup how dare he demand that English only be used at his establishment? hilarious..this is America! We speak English! Political Correctness is the ruining of our country. †If you want a good steak this is the place to go.
6220	9	2011-06-22	Really juicy, well-seasoned steak! Their cheesesteaks are the best!
6221	9	2011-06-14	My husband and I visitied Philly for the weekend and wanted to try an authentic cheesesteak. †We bought one at Geno's and one directly across the street at Pat's. They were the same price but the Pat's sandwich had more meat, more cheese, more onions, and a larger roll. My husband preferred Pat's however, he agreed with me that the meat at Geno's was better. My aversion to cheesesteaks has always been that the meat is overcooked and tastes like shoe leather. However, the meat at Geno's was tender and delicious and for that reason I preferred it over Pat's. If you are visiting the area I recommend that you do the same thing we did and just try one of each to compare.
6222	9	2011-03-31	Anyone can make a cheese steak but I love the rolls at Genos.
6223	9	2011-03-07	good steaks. quick. but pats is better.
6224	9	2010-10-12	Geno's steaks is a staple in Philly cuisine, and for a good reason. †As evident by the wall of photographs, celebrities and common folk alike flock to this mecca of Philly cheesesteaks. †Admittedly, I ordered a steak sandwich and some fries, which only took a couple of minutes to wait (but they do not come together and require waiting in two different lines). †The price is ok for a quick bite, but nothing spectacular. †The sandwich is tasty, albeit a little greasy. †I decided to add some hot sauce, which I immediately regretted. †There is no warning posted about how spicy that sauce is. †Use with caution and have a lot of water nearby.
6225	9	2010-09-17	I'm originally from Phili and my kids and i used to go here all the time! Before i moved to the Washington DC area, we lived close by to Geno's. I know that theres this rivalry between Geno's and Pat's King, and don't get me wrong i do go to both, but i really love Geno's cheese steak. Its original and my all times favorite.
6226	9	2010-01-18	Fast service, clean, lively environment and an excellent steak! I'd like to know where all these other "better" steak joints are, because, seriously, Geno's is one of the top four or five in the city. Way better than Tony Puke's, by the way. I still don't understand how people call the employees "rude." I order my steak, they give me my steak. I order my fries and soda, they give me my fries and soda. Never once had a problem or felt like I annoyed them. It must be the younger generation who grew up with their parents and the media telling them they're "special." Get over yourselves and just order your goddam steak and get the hell out of the way. I don't think the people on here giving the poor reviews are genuine, btw, I think they just hate Joey Vento's politics. Why would they patronize a joint already knowing the owner has views that they hate? They wouldn't. A lot of fraudulent one-star reviews here.
6227	9	2008-08-09	Geno's is awesome, enough said!
6228	9	2015-01-01	Tastes good
6229	9	2014-12-27	While Amin A couldn't be more wrong, Geno's does not cut their steak up while Pats does. To all the bad reviews on here I say this..... Why is there a line here 24-7? They clearly do something right. BYW you're not food critics... Don't forget that.
6230	9	2014-10-13	Great place to eat and have always enjoyed their service and their food.
6231	9	2014-10-08	Just got back to AZ from a 10 day trip to Brazil and Argentina with Gate1 Travel. They do a superior job with their escorted tours. Not only great value for the dollar spent, but a chance to experience travel in a meaningful and thoughtful manner. For those seeking a break from the beaten paths of Europe, Gate1 offers a number of Latin American tours that blend the best of urban culture with history, archeology, and exquisite natural phenomena like Iguazu Falls which we visited on this trip. The feeling one gets when peering into the abyss that is our Grand Canyon is matched by the senses that are stirred by the power and energy of these enormous thundering waters on the border of Brazil and Argentina. Gate1 always offers comfortable hotels, experienced and personable tour directors and plenty of time for independent exploration. I have also visited Peru, Ecuador and Costa Rica as well as Egypt, Morocco,Turkey and the Baltics with Gate1 and suggest that any serious devotee of travel check this company out. You will not be disappointed.
6232	9	2014-09-20	Eh..err...arrg. I'm a bit of a food snob these days..as in..I don't have kids and I plan on using my extra money that I'm not putting towards retirement towards good food. For cheesesteaks this means Barclay Prime's $150 cheesesteak. Life is good. That said, I suppose one can not live off foie gras, high end salmon, truffles and caviar alone. When I was coming up, I was a Geno's guy. I still consider myself a Geno's guy in that..I'm going to pick Geno's over Pat's if I'm going to Geno's..because, nostalgia perhaps. I think the steaks here are a bit better than Pat's, perhaps its the rolls that are of better quality. Still, these days I find cheesesteaks lacking proper texture qualities unless prepared by a private cook or just at home with some high end local grass fed meats. It seems Geno's has given into some slight laziness by leaving the meat on the grill too long..perhaps by stacking it and reheating it. Not sure. It just seems dryer than I remember when I was younger. I still love the cheesesteak, wit and wiz. The English only sign I see as more of a character setting than anything else, it doesn't bother me nor delight me. It just seems like it was placed there for the attention and with the intent to get that Americana feel to it at the peak of the Freedom Fries phenomena. Despite the flaws, I love this place. I love that they are 24/7. My favorite time to eat here is at 3-4am on a cold rainy fall night. Something about that brings back all these nostalgic feelings that bring me an era of being a 16 year old just with his license who told his mother he was going to school early to uhh..study for the SAT while instead my friends and I would drive here from the suburbs for an early morning breakfast..or sometimes..after a concert or party a late evening snack..occurring at the same time of the day...4am. Be it stoned off my face and eating 5 of these sandwiches or dangerously drunk underage..and..well..eating 5 of these sandwiches..this was a staple for my teen years set up by years of my dad and older brothers taking us here after ball games. Going here in the cold rainy late fall nights around 4am is just ...like Christmas for me oddly. I just wish the fires that used to burn in the trash cans across the street, neighboring area back in the early-mid 1990s were still around..that smell of wood burning..rain, fall..cheesesteaks. Err...outbeats the $150 cheesesteak from Barclays any day..however..I'm more likely to be willing to spoil myself on Barclays once a month and leave Geno's for a few visits in the fall, winter, and early spring. Only recommendations, figure out what's making the meat seem dry and cut it off. Other than that, I love you guys..the hell with the haters, keep the English only sign up..it adds to the feel of the place. **will edit typos later..phone typing these reviews is not fun.
6233	9	2014-09-13	A really good cheese steak.
6234	9	2014-09-11	jerseyelitegirls.com now hiring $$$$
6235	9	2014-09-11	I don't eat meat but the cheese fries are bangin'! Great fast service as well!
6236	9	2014-09-10	My husband and my favorite cheesesteak place in Philly! †Keep up the great work you guys always do!! †See you next time!
6237	9	2014-08-31	Nothing like their steaks,been there many times after midnight to satisfy that Philly cheese steak craving that Geno's has done so many times in the past.
6238	9	2014-08-19	Much better than Pat's!
6239	9	2014-08-11	The meat is not scrap,the onions are perfectly cooked. portions are just right, They use great rolls and propper amount of cheese
6240	9	2014-08-03	love this place! †always good for late night comfy food!
6241	9	2014-07-21	I was invited into Geno's as a guest. This is one of the cleanest kitchens I've ever been in. The steaks are nothing short of amazing. Definitely go. Try every cheese steak place in philly, they're all pretty good. I just love Genos for its personality and cleanliness.
6242	9	2014-07-19	The best cheesesteak joint in the city. †When I get a cheesesteak, I always go to Geno's. †The coolest staff, the cleanest place, and I love the Cherry Soda(NOT CHERRY COKE)...
6243	9	2014-07-11	I picked an easy one for my first review...does it get any better than Geno's...I think not.
6244	9	2014-07-10	Best Cheese Steak, Ever!
6245	9	2014-06-16	The steak was rare just as I ordered. Just what the doctor prescribed ;).
6246	9	2014-06-13	This is already a third time I'm using your services, I'm truly pleased with the accuracy and reliability you do your work. Many thanks for your kind support and good luck with your business.
6247	9	2014-06-11	The best steaks ! nothing else need to be said
6248	9	2014-06-11	The only place in philly to get a Genuine Cheesesteak. †No surprising bites into gristly fat. †The service is expedient, the experience is South Philly.
6249	9	2014-06-06	Great steaks.
6250	9	2014-06-01	Had the Cheese Steak and thought it was Excellent
6251	9	2014-05-28	the best hands down no completion anywhere !!
6252	9	2014-05-19	way better then pat's!!!
6253	9	2014-05-09	good steaks, maybe the best in the world.
6254	9	2014-04-30	Great experience. Mr Angel Arroyo is a very patient and hard working sales person. this is mt 2nd Prius purchase in past 4 years from him.
6255	9	2014-04-25	Best sandwich I've had all week in Philly. Simple, juicy, and flavorful. Make sure to get it with whiz.
6256	9	2014-04-24	My favorite place for Philadelphia Steaks.
6257	9	2014-04-09	Without a doubt the Best Cheese Steak in Philly.. Nuff Said
6258	9	2014-04-06	Very good. Especially the steak!
6259	9	2014-04-05	Always amazing!
6260	9	2014-03-18	Great place, loves the community great food!!!
6261	9	2014-03-17	Thier Great!!
6262	9	2014-03-13	Best steak in the tristate area!
6263	9	2014-03-13	First of all, let's be clear that if you're going to Geno's, you should NOT be expecting a 5-star fine dining experience served up on a golden platter with a glass of champagne...it's a cheesesteak shop of God's sake!! It's where you go to enjoy a fast, greasy, calorie-filled sandwich! The guy at the window seems to speak his own language when he's yelling the orders back to the sandwich makers, and that's all part of the experience. I ordered a Geno's sandwich and my boyfriend ordered a Pat's sandwich, both the traditional way (Whiz-Wit - that means cheese-whiz and grilled onions on top) and we tasted them side by side. Without a doubt, Geno's is the winner. Their bread is so much better, and they didn't overdo the cheese whiz, plus they wrapped it up nicely so the sandwich didn't spill all over the place as we walked to our seats (can't say the same about Pat's). The Geno's sandwich was not only more delicious, it was bigger too! Win-Win! Sure, there's usually a really long line, and afterwards you might ask yourself, "Why did I eat that? That was so unhealthy!" but then you'll come to your senses and say, "I'm so glad I had that delicious taste of cheesesteak heaven and I don't care if I just gained 10 pounds!" If you're looking for the authentic Philly cheesesteak experience, with all the grease and calories included, Geno's is where to find it.
6264	9	2014-03-11	Definition of classic Philadelphia. Old school and exactly what you would expect. Its the real deal and its a landmark. I take all my west coast guests here its a must.
6265	9	2014-03-04	I agree with the statement of †"Elizabeth W."
6266	9	2014-03-01	Most locals call Genos and Pats "tourist traps" but quite frankly folks, its all part of the experience. If you want some fine dining, hipster experience then go uptown. If you want the turn of the century, greasy South Philly experience, then that's what you get at Genos. Know what to expect, you are eating a piece of history, that's why the price is the way it is (not to mention the rising cost of running a business).
6267	9	2014-02-21	The food at Geno's Steaks are great!! The steak rolls are filled to the top withthe toppings you want and the food is hot!!!!
6268	9	2014-02-18	back in 2012 I was arrested in a complex white-collar crimes. I needed a good and aggressive †well experience attorney, and my wife find him online he is bilingual speaks both English and Spanish fluently, am happy to announces after †long battle between my Attorney and DA ADA my case got dismissed. Very friendly well informed understood the word customer service always answerers all my questions ,don't matter what day or time when u called ask for him by his name Christopher bagnato. u will not be disappointed, am a extremely happy customer he saves my future thank you chris 215) 546-4700
6269	9	2014-02-12	Geno's is the best!
6270	9	2014-02-03	I love Geno's †Steaks good eating
6271	9	2014-01-27	love at first bite
6272	9	2013-12-17	One of the best cheesesteak places in Philly!
6273	9	2013-12-15	What Philly trip is complete without visiting Geno's and Pat's. It was so great. The service was good and the food was even greater. I had a great time with my family!
6274	9	2013-11-22	Best Philadelphia cheese steak hands down! †The others are good but in my opinion genos is at the top of the top. †Not only do they have the best cheese steaks but there cherry peppers in the condiment section are the best i have ever tasted! i wish i lived closer i would eat there everyday!
6275	9	2013-11-21	As a professional handbag manufacturer, Dreamway Bag Factory has been supplying all kinds of handbags in different materials to our customers worldwide since 2002. Bag Factory †gzdreamway.net wholesale bags † †handbag-china.net
6276	9	2013-11-04	Great food great Family a winning combination
6277	9	2013-10-21	I think there great you can count on them all day every day.
6278	9	2013-10-06	one of the many tastes of Philadelphia With so many cheese steak shops what would it be without Geno's? I'll always eat here when given the opportunity Ive eaten while contracting home remodeling at hundreds of sandwich shops Geno's makes the top 10 for sure! Enjoy!!
6279	9	2013-10-04	I have to say this is the best place in Philadelphia to stop and grab a bite to eat if you are craving a cheese steak. The way they cook their food is indescribable. Make sure you get it made with cheese wiz and you will not regret trying out this place. And they also send off such a good vibe because everyone loves it there due to the amazing food. #Loveit
6280	9	2013-10-03	I eat here about once a week and love it! Plus, the owner is just an over-all good guy. (And †no, it's not me) :)
6281	9	2013-10-01	Dan is a fabulous business owner and a hell of a performer. His crew is of a higher end, Entertainment Makers working with Sax Man Dan LLC may not be cheap but they are well worth it. †For all the work and planning they do they are seriously underpaid.
6282	9	2013-09-07	original philly cheese steak... speak english sign is offensive but cheese steak is great
6283	9	2013-09-02	If you've come to Philly for a cheesesteak, Geno's is the only way to go. †They use REAL marble-sliced beef and real provolone. †The place across the street, Pat's, uses steak-umms and cheese whiz. †Enough said.
6284	9	2013-08-23	best around
6285	9	2013-08-21	One wiz wit...it's that simple. †This place is a Philly legend. †If you're just passing thru be sure to check Geno's out!
6286	9	2013-08-13	Geno's is a great place, one of those place in Philly where you HAVE to go before you leave the city. Alot of people prefer Pat's, I'm actually equal on them both, I think they're both good & affordable.
6287	9	2013-08-10	Great steaks, Love this place!!!!!
6288	9	2013-08-05	A lot of tourists do not understand Geno's system... get em in ... get em out..... learn how to order your steak sub before you come to philly and complain they go to fast. The owner is a solid guy! He has given me generous service.... and even popped in to my job and left an awesome tip!
6289	9	2013-08-01	Gotta love Geno's better than Pats steaks!
6290	9	2013-07-26	Pretty good cheesesteaks in Philly
6291	9	2013-07-14	Most of the Steak places are close but Geno's is the BEST. †Not only the steaks and service but what Geno stands for. †Have to order in English.....love it!
6292	9	2013-07-02	Great steaks!!!
6293	9	2013-06-23	I cannot believe someone complained about a Cheese steak at Genos. It is not flavorless lol... It taste amazing! Beef steaks with melted cheese running through your tongue is delicious! Its worth $9 and it is not your ordinary sandwitch! It is nothing like subway or anything else! It is def worth the experience.
6294	9	2013-06-22	Better than Pat's
6295	9	2013-06-18	Delicious! A long time Philly favorite. Not a fan of cheese wiz though,
6296	9	2013-06-18	Best Cheese Steaks ever!!!
6297	9	2013-06-17	Nice place, but in the shade of the Pat's!
6298	9	2013-06-13	Wiz Wit
6299	9	2013-06-08	Philly Cheesesteaks are one of the best sandwiches you can eat. Geno's understands that and represents Philly proudly. As far as who makes the best cheesesteak in Philly? I am still in the process of researching them all, but Geno's is one of the best for certain.
6300	9	2013-06-03	the best chesse steaks ever I LOVE GENO'S the meat the roll the chesse everything about them the fries is great to not to greasy you can even sit right there and eat your food while its still hot so run down to south philly and order your meal you'll love it . A OUT OF TOWNER MUST TRY PIP GENO
6301	9	2013-05-31	I was born and raised in SP it's a must if you vist Philadelphia you must go get a Geno's † †Cheesesteak wit chesse whiz and the chesse fries are the best. Philly is the best!!
6302	9	2013-05-12	I have family from out of town that when they come to visit I always bring them to Geno's it is just the perfect Philly cheese steak every made so perfectly
6303	9	2013-04-30	Been there 8 that !!!!
6304	9	2013-04-03	evry friday
6305	9	2013-03-10	If you're looking for cheesesteak in Philadelphia. This place is okay but nothing special. You really got ask for extra cheese.
6306	9	2013-01-31	Geno's is as good as any cheesesteak place in Philly. We have been to Pat's, Tony Luke's, Dinic's and even though their most popular way to serve them is with Cheez Wiz, you can order them with provolone, which is still the best cheese for a cheesesteak. I think Geno's ratings have been hurt by all the PC people because, when he was alive, he would make people order in English.
6307	9	2013-01-29	Best Cheese Steaks in Philadelphia Fuck PAT'S
6308	9	2013-01-19	I'll start out like this. I've had cheese steaks at Geno's,Tony Luke's,and Pat's.They all are equally good in my opinion. I choose to support Geno's because of Joey Vento's public, pro American views.When in South Philly,I will support Geno's,only,because of this.I am proud to be an American as well!
6309	9	2013-01-02	nothing better than a late night Genos run
6310	9	2012-12-10	This is absolutely the best cheese steak ever. When friends visit from out of state, this is our first intro to Philly
6311	9	2012-11-12	I absolutely love genos !!!! Anytime im in the area i go to genos!
6312	9	2012-07-30	Best Steak i Ever had, love the service and the food. 1. Steak sandwiches that melt in your mouth with savory of Onions and Provolone cheese on a long Roll. 2. Cheese yes Cheese fries that are cooked till Golden Brown and drizzled with wiz that are just awesome.. 3. Last but not lease the cherry peppers that are out of this world. Whole peppers Soaked in Vinegar and are truly and i mean truly mind blowing †...
6313	9	2011-11-27	From Jersey we needed a cheesesteak as we were visiting Philly and we were recommended to go to Geno's. When we parked we considered going to Pat's but it looked much more sketchy and unclassy as Geno's which was bustling with people and electric neon lights, etc. Seeing reviews saying Pat's is better actually surprises me - don't assume so fast at the looks to the restaurant. Well, this is a review for Geno's so i'll continue. It was delicious, a nice atmosphere, and a truly cool place because of all the fame behind it, etc. Great, authentic Philly Cheesesteak.
6314	9	2011-08-30	My 1st official PCS. it was truly awesome! I came here at 1am after partying in downtown..(byblos). its the best! now that im in california..im craving it each time i see a philly steak place. You guys have won me over..all the way from Cali..also they have this nice memorial in front of it..very touching..and they have almost every hollywood actor's picture on their wall of fame. This wins over pats because they have thin filets of steak. however i ate at both! rivalry at its fullest!
6315	9	2011-08-25	The best steaks! †The best family!
6316	9	2011-08-20	Our family of five (three kids ages 17, 14 and 11) visited Philly this summer for the historic sites and also went out for some Philly Cheesesteaks. †We went to both Jim's and Geno's. †Jim's was good, but Geno's was much much better. †Geno's service was fast and courteous. †Geno's bread was nice and fresh, steak had awesome flavor which was complemented by the onions and cheese. †Our family loved looking at all the photos and memories on the walls while we fully enjoyed our Steak Sandwich. †Everyone fully enjoyed the Geno's experience!
6317	9	2011-06-21	Geno's Staeks are already part of Philly's history. You've never been to Philadelphia if you have not been to Geno's. For beginners, you can first try their Steak Sandwich at arnd 8$. It's best with cheese fries anda bottle of Soda. but for me, I alwasys go for the AMERICAN CHEESESTEAK SANDWICH. It's definitely a good old Philly Cheesesteak! I live in NY but once in a while a drive all the way to Philly and visit Geno's Steaks!!!
6318	9	2011-04-27	Genos is hands down the best cheese steak in Philly, and I have had a bunch of them. †Never disappointed!
6319	9	2010-09-23	This place is yummy. † Who is this chic on here saying its so bad? †Go to mcdonalds.
6320	9	2010-05-09	Geno's all the way. †what's that other place called, again??
6321	9	2010-05-01	Tasty steak and a very neat & clean environment.
6322	9	2010-04-17	You don't get better Philly cheasesteaks. †Pats is a close second, but nothing compares to the Wiz With at Geno's.
6323	9	2010-04-08	Pat's vs Geno's.... and the winner is Geno's. Much better experience
6324	9	2010-03-19	GENO's by far is the best steak sandwich in the country. The meat is great and they cook it just perfect. The bread is the best bread you can get. I guess that's why they sell about a million steaks a year. †The meat is not precooked as some of those Californian's might say. Just because you get your sandwich within 20 seconds doesn't mean it's not fresh. Geno's beef is freshly cooked and as fresh as you can get. They move their sandwiches so fast that they have no time to wait for an order before they start putting meat on the grill. I mean it folks there is always a line, and usually a very long one that moves at the fastest pace you'll ever see. The average total time between ordering your steak and getting it is between 20 to 30 seconds. What place would you think had fresher beef the one that has last weeks beef in the frig because their business is slow, or a place like Geno's where the meat moves so fast that the meat purveyor is constantly on the move to keep up with Geno's pace. Also, when you're moving steaks at Geno's pace you don't have time to be answering everyone's stupid quesions AND get 4,000 steaks out a day. Oh you'll see it there. You'll be in line with over a hundred people and you'll get one inconsiderate knuckle head who wants to tie up the line asking stupid questions. The people at Geno's are not rude, the person holding up the line is. If you hear someone irate about the treatment by Geno's you can be assured that there were 100 people behind them that are happy that that person was either kicked out of line or given directions on how to order so the line could start moving. At Geno's, If you are the 100th person in line you are looking at the most †about a 20-25 minute wait before you actually get your sanwich. That's incredible. How much conversation do you think you will have when it takes between 20-30 seconds to order your sandwich, pay for it, and get it. Is it even possible to have conversation in such a limited time frame? My point is, anyone who says that they are rude at Geno's is probably the person who had 100 irate people in line behind them. And as for the order in English sign, you don't have to order in English but whatever you get you're stuck with. One of the reasons the place sells so many steaks is because the line moves fast. When I am hungry, I am hungry, and there is not a food in the world that I am going to wait in line 2 hours for, not even my favorite place Geno's, and Geno's knows that most people don't like waiting in long lines. It's business, and it's good business. When I go to Geno's I'm not looking to have small talk with the cashier, I'm looking to eat. You want small talk go to a sandwich place in California where the food might suck, but you get to make small talk with a waitress in a mini skirt and on roller skates. And for those of you who think they paid $8 for a steak at Geno's but complain that the sandwich wasn't packed with meat. I know one thing, when I go to Geno's I know what I am eating thinly sliced Rib-Eye Beef. Have you ever priced rib eye beef? And this is small Rib-Eye from younger steer. I wonder if these people even know what what they are getting when they get that sandwich that is loaded with chopped meat? †I guarantee you that they have no idea but only judge the steak by the size and they know nothing abou the quality. And folks, don't listen to anyone who says they get a better sandwich in San Francisco. The bread is horrible out there and we all know that that's as important as the quality of beef. Outside of the Chicago, Boston, New York and Philadelphia areas, Philadelphia being the best of them, you can not even come close to getting good sandwich bread anywhere else.
6325	9	2009-04-30	Been eating Geno's Steaks for years, carried them home on flights to Atlanta, flown up with my family to have them for breakfast. †Even watched my son slip on the ice one winter when we were up there having stakes for breakfast and crashed to the ground, his steak held high in the air as he proudly declared "I saved the steak, at least I saved the steak." †Yep, that's how good they are. Mark McDonald and David McDonald
6326	9	2009-02-18	Geno's has far better food and service than Pats, and is much more respectable. It is clean and looks good on the outside, not worn down and dirty. And as far as Joey Vento being a "lizard just trying to take your money", i can attest that he is a great guy and doesn't pull all of his stunts for business. His support for Danny Faulkner is justified. One of Philly's finest was shot cold-blooded by a ruthless criminal. There is mad evidence to support it. Aside from that, he has a brick laid for every Philadelphia Police Officer or Firefighter killed in the line of duty. On both sides of the establishment are boards laden with Police patches from around the nation. †He is a strong supporter of our troops and police forces. †My father is a police officer, and has been personally invited inside Geno's by Joey Vento himself. †He said the inside is incredibly clean, and Vento was a real nice guy. †So what if he states his opinion? Its his business, and his opinions are correct. People are just too afraid to recognize it.
6327	9	2008-12-28	I LOVE Geno's steaks. †I thought Pats was ok until I tried Geno's. I really like it here and I eat it every time I come to Philly . One of few things that my family agrees on is that these steaks are AWESOME.
6328	9	2007-01-16	For some reason, this was removed, so I will repost it... "Okay a beloved police officer died because of a foreigner and you own some harley's across the street. Doesn;t matter to me. Get some class and better food. " I love Geno's but I just wanted to say...it's ironic that you chastise someone to get some class when you make a statement like that. (HAHA the irony!) I'm sure I speak not only for Geno's customers but for most people around here when I say not to come back. P.S. Officer Faulkner wasn't killed by a foreigner. This case is actually a fairly famous event in other places besides this area, so I'm quite shocked that someone of your knowledge capacity didn't already know all of the facts. Next time you decide to sound like you are better than someone, please get your facts straight. Thank You. P.P.S. The Cheesesteaks are great!
6329	9	2006-03-04	Geno's is where it's at... awesome hot sauce
6330	9	2005-11-28	What can I say? The cheeseteaks are amazing! If you haven't tried it yet, do so. You'll like it. It's a great taste.
6331	9	2015-01-09	This is place is just as mediocre as the sports teams of Philadelphia. Need to have a ton of ketchup and hot sauce just to give the cheese steak some flavor. The only thing amusing about this place is the "This is America when ordering SPEAK ENGLISH" I had to take a picture next to that sign because that would cause of slew of protest around other parts of the U.S. but I don't think anyone would care since I bet majority of the protest signs probably won't be composed of English words.
6332	9	2015-01-06	Rude, Rude, Rude service. †Not to mention, have racist signs taped to the window where you order. Seriously, what is wrong with you people?
6333	9	2015-01-05	A co-worker and I did the side by side challenge with Geno's and another well known Cheese Steak Place and we both agreed that Geno's was a better †sandwich. Cost wasn't too rough and no wait at all.
6334	9	2015-01-05	Respectable cheesesteak, but not as good as Pat's.
6335	9	2015-01-04	Good quality ingredients, tasty meat with fresh rolls and savory onions. They know how to put a steak sandwich together and have all of that down. The place is amazingly clean inside and out (something to be proud of props to clean) and the staff are friendly if you have any questions they were eager to respond. So what I read alot about the Geno's and Pats experience is that folks are expecting a cheesesteak epiphany because these places get alot of build up from locals and the expectation level is beyond real. Lets start with a cheesesteak being a very simple sandwich with basic ingredients. How you put the pieces together largely determines the outcome. Geno's has a very good product and we are lucky to have so many steak choices in Philly. For me I like to embrace that diversity and when introducing a newcomer, let them find which style of cheesesteak they like. Geno's is good and so are others, i have my favorite and hope you find yours. This is a great place to start your journey to steak nirvana.
6336	9	2015-01-04	been there done that. will never do it again. you have to stand in one line for a sandwich then stand in another for fries and drink. the sandwich was flat. hardly any meat. no seasoning. mostly bread. the worst steak and cheese ever. i would say subway or the guys in the mall †are better. Philly home of the cheese steak or not? bring cash they don't accept credit.
6337	9	2015-01-03	I would give this place zero stars if I could. I was so excited to try Genos and Pats when I went to philly. I decided to go to Geno's first because it was closer to me than Pat's. I was sooo disappointed when I tried the first bite. The meat was super dry and the bread was cold and chewy. The whole sandwich was cold and was a waste of my money. I couldn't even take a decent picture to put up with my yelp review. It looked horrible too. There was grease dripping at the end of my sandwich and the grease was getting hard and becoming a clear white substance as it got colder and colder. Therefore, I didn't even want to go over to Pat's to try another disgusting cheese steak, but I'm glad that last minute I went over to Pat's to give them a try! Definitely worth the walk over the street. Not only was the food horrible, the service was even worst. There was a very rude girl in the front. Never going here to waste my money again.
6338	9	2015-01-02	Geno's has reached the pinnacle of mediocrity, when it comes to Philadelphia cheese steaks. Geno's still does not offer mushrooms, skimps on onions and cheese, and worst of all, the steaks seem like they are cooked using Steak-ums...I will never come back here, since Dallesandros steaks and service are far better than Geno's and any other place I have tried in the city...
6339	9	2015-01-01	While visiting Philadelphia we decided to try out both Geno's Steaks as well as Pat's. We stood in the line for this steak shop to be dissapointed when we finally got our sandwiches. The first issue we had here was that the staff was rude and short. I get it that you want to get the line moving quickly, but how about a "hello" or something more than "ya". The steak was greasy, the bread was hard, and the price was ridiculous for the finished product. Pat's was superior to this shop. In the end the only redeeming factor about this restaurant is that it served it's purpose in filling our tummies with average steak and cheese. The next time we visit Philly we may try this spot again, but we will have to see how disappointed we are preparedto be. Last note, your right, this is America but don't forget that this is a country of immigrants so how about you show some respect and remove those ridiculous signs from your storefront.
6340	9	2014-12-31	Love this cheesesteak shop! †Whole, but not chopped steak, fresh sandwich roll and great service! †Of course, you have to know how to order, but my "one, wit provolone" really hit the spot after a drive from Jersey City, NJ! †Will definitely be a repeat customer when in Philly!
6341	9	2014-12-30	Disappointing to say the least. Confused on how this place is so popular when the cheese steak is so average... Also had the cheese fries which were nothing to write home about. At the end of the day I've found much better cheesesteaks in my last two cities, Tampa and Seattle. Get it together Philly.
6342	9	2014-12-29	Myself and 3 friends decided to do a cheesesteak taste tour of Philly to determine which place had the best cheesesteak. We picked the top 5 yelp locations, went to each one on concession, ordered exactly the same item at each place (cheesesteak with Provolone cheese and grilled onions), split it in 4 and gave our verdict. Findings as follows (in order of preference): #1 - Sonny's: soft bread, delicious cheese and flavorful meat. Our absolute fave. Next time we'd consider asking for more cheese to make it even more perfect. #2 - Pat's: a close 2nd. In comparison to Sonny's, the bread was slightly chewier, the cheese was more prominent tasting (an advantage over Sonny's), the onions tasteful but the meat was slightly greasier. #3 - Ishkabibble: the meat was on the dryer side and lacking in cheese quantity. Bread was decent and chewy. Flavor was decent. #4 - Geno's: food was a little bland and on the greasier side. Despite this, the cheesesteak was still tastey, but not our top choice. #5 - Jim's: the greasiest of all the cheesesteaks with the blandest meat. I would skip. Hopefully our little taste testing endeavor will help anyone visiting Philly for a brief time, looking to try the best cheesesteaks this city has to offer.
6343	9	2014-12-29	When we were in Philadelphia, we had to get the Philly Cheesesteak. We went to Geno's on the first day and the the classic steak with the Cheeze Whiz and it was very flavorful. Their bread is what won it for me between Pat's (across the street). But it's very close. Any local that says they are a tourist trap is right because there will be a lot of them there but they are also better than the "local steak" places.
6344	9	2014-12-28	3rd stop on our top 10 cheesesteaks of philly mission. †Ive been here many times. This was my 1st ever †cheesesteak experience along with pat's. I tend to usually pick genos so I already knew what to expect here. As with all cheesesteak places expect a line. They are also cash only. I still like this place a lot. They make a good cheesesteak but at least now I know I have other options. †If you've never had obe I would say give this ace a try. They are ontbe top 5.
6345	9	2014-12-27	After seeing Genos on T.V. and how the locals raved about how delicious the steak sandwiches were I decided to take a red eye to genos. I arrived there on a weekday in the evening and there were no customers in line. Ordered my sandwich expecting flavorful, juicy, delicious steak. And to my disappointment it was just average. No juices flowing down my arms, no jump out of my seat reaction, no "GOD DAMN THIS SH.. IS GOOD". Just an average dry steak sandwich. Next time in Philly I will be trying Tony Lukes.
6346	9	2014-12-27	This is my second time visiting, and I reaffirm my opinion that this place is just okay. I find it better than Pat's with the meat texture better and less greasy, but there are many other places serving the same food in Philadelphia, only better. And for some reason, the meat tasted under seasoned when we went yesterday. Maybe they forgot the salt? In my opinion, †this is just an average place made popular by great marketing via a combination of food network and rivalry; a place for tourists. Ironically, there's a sign demanding patrons speak English. So, maybe this isn't a good place for international travelers with limited English fluency. Cash only.
6347	9	2014-12-23	A Philadelphia classic spot, but.....Only vegetarian cheesesteaks make my menu. †No thanks. †Meat eating friends enjoy their's though, but same as Pat's and many others in area. Govinda's, Hip City Veg, and so many others that are better, to me.
6348	9	2014-12-17	Meh. Not too impressed.So I had to do the Pat's vs Geno's taste test for myself after seeing it on The Travel Channel.Lets start with the building.....it looks like Snooki & Jwoww live there.VERY GAUDY.If they put the effort they put into making the outside of the building gaudy into their Cheesesteaks then maybe their Cheesesteaks would be really good.I ordered a Cheesesteak add Provolone,American and onions.The bread was really chewy compared to Pat's and the meat was very dry.The meat to bread ratio just wasn't right either,there was just too much dry, chewy bread & too little meat.At one point while I was chewing a bite I felt like I had cotton mouth.(Beleive me,that's not a good feeling.) There was definitely less meat and cheese on my Geno's cheesesteak & overall the sandwich was just bigger at Pat's. I know that there are waaay better cheesesteak places than these 2 in Philly because we asked some locals but I had to do the "touristy taste test "thing for myself.The results are in, and the winner is..........Pat's. Next time I come to Philly I won't be coming to either one of these just because I wanna go try other places but if you absolutely had to choose from these 2 then it's definitely Pat's hands down.
6349	9	2014-12-15	Geno's uses frozen, gristle-laden steak. At least, that is what it tastes like. I used to be a chef at an expensive restaurant, so I know what I am talking about. Far superior alternatives are Pat's, Joe's Steak and Soda Shop (formerly Chink's), and Tony Luke's.
6350	9	2014-12-15	What else is there to say about Geno's? †A mediocre tourist destination for expensive and sub par cheesesteaks. †Definitely not worth the wait in line. † Granted, after a long night of drinking, anything this greasy will taste good and help you sober up. † If you are in this neighborhood, do yourself a favor and skip Pat's and Geno's and go over to Jim's. †Sure, Jim's is still a tourist spot, but it's a lot better.
6351	9	2014-12-11	2 stars is being polite. 1st off the service sucked. Idiot blurted out the order and ended with "yeah homes" so he could know a Mexican was ordering. I said you people talk like that here. He said "yeah." I rhink not asshole! I'm from L.A. so no you don't. I could have pulled his bitch ass through the window and given him an LAPD beatdown. After driving through the hood I see Mexican food spots which explains the racist signs. 2nd the steak was tough and the bread sucked. I went to Pat's to compare. I know the locals don't come here or to Pat's but hands down Pat's. Now I know why people say why most East Coasters are rude. Come to Cali and see how far that attitude gets you. Hopefully I'll be the one you meet!
6352	9	2014-12-10	Philly... † † Check Cheese... Check Steak... † †Check Worth the Hype...I think not How could I not visit The City of Brotherly Love without a trip to South Philly for a matchup between cheesesteak rivals? On a recent Sunday morning I managed to avoid the crowds, in fact I was one of only three people in line. Armed with the knowledge of the precise ordering process...One, wit, whiz...and cash in hand I felt thoroughly prepared for a toe to toe cheesesteak face-off. Was my sandwich bad? No. Was it amazing or worth a repeat visit? It was not. The steak was tender but lacked any real flavor. The whiz was warm and melty but nothing exciting. Overall it was a pretty mediocre sandwich but an interesting experience none the less. If you're in Philly I'd still recommend visiting and comparing for yourself. Why not say you have visited the birthplace of cheesesteak?
6353	9	2014-12-06	Had a local take us as he states back in the day it was the best but now just a tourist thing to say you did. It's OK. Can't say much.
6354	9	2014-12-03	3.5 stars. This joint and pats are the most famous cheese steak joints in Philadelphia and there are key differences between the two, pats does not cut up their steak while genos does. Both provide an authentic Philadelphia experience!!! Though I prefer pats, genos is very good as well... Neither are the best. But If you go to Pats, you might as well go to Genos too in order to compare. Genos is a little flashier in their decor. Signs they have can be offensive to non Americans and employees are not noted for their kindness so know how to order... Or they well be extra rude- that's the Philly way. Get the wiz with. Cash only.
6355	9	2014-11-30	Dont know why the overall rating is so low, but I love this place. The cheese steak is really great, only bad side is it's kinda dry. But it's better than my expectations and I would definitely recommend people to come here for Philly cheese steak!
6356	9	2014-11-29	Nope. Geno's just doesn't hold a candle to Pat's. Maybe it's the bread (it tastes really chewy) or the sign that says "This is America, please speak English" and "I want my country back," but it just doesn't do it for me like Pat's does. Who would have thought a grandchild of Italian immigrants would be so intolerant? Just head across the street to Pat's for a really good Philly cheesesteak experience, minus the hypocrisy.
6357	9	2014-11-28	The most disgusting Philly Cheese Stake i've ever had! Froze ourselves to death for this garbage that we placed in to the dumpster immediately!
6358	9	2014-11-27	After a year of living in Philly I promised to break my Vegetarian fast only to eat at Genos Steaks because of the fame, and notoriety from the Boyz II Men MowtownPhilly video in the 1990's. †The service was kind, and the steak sandwich tasted like a steak sandwich. †It had Cheese, Steak, Beef and bread the end. I felt good having gone to 9th street and Passyunk on a nice day. The worker even let me take a photo of him after I asked.
6359	9	2014-11-24	Came here after the philly marathon as i was craving philly cheesesteaks. The cheesesteaks were okay. †Nothing really special. I have had better in other places. Also sucks there's no indoor seating when it gets colder. But the fries were good.
6360	9	2014-11-23	Overrated I came here hoping to eat a tasty Sandwich and it was far from it just plain and with no flavor. The lady that takes your order seems like she hasn't smiled in decades completely disappointed.
6361	9	2014-11-23	This is part of the Crusade for Greatest Cheesesteak in Philadelphia trip I did. Geno's Steaks was the 6th stop on our list. The rivalry between Pat's and Geno's is well known. They have loyal fans of each who just believe one is better than the other. When we got there the line at Geno's was long and slow moving. People complain about the political things on the establishment and what I would say to them is don't go there. There is the sign that says this is America order in English, yes it can be offensive but again don't go there. I think any establishment knows if they outwardly support or make claims about certain political and racial things some people wont and some will support them. But this review is about cheese steaks not d√©cor, go read a glamour magazine if you want to take about their averse wallpapering. Geno's cheese steaks have never been a favorite of mine. I think there meat is ok and there cheese is lacking. The people behind the counter can be edgy maybe it's from the long lines and customers, but still I'm patronizing your business.
6362	9	2014-11-21	I lost my Cheesesteak virginity at Jim's and after a few times wanted to see what else life has to offer. †Did Pat, did Tony and now I finally did Geno. †The grass is not always greener, or in this case meatier. †I hope my 1st love Jim's will take me back after breaking up with him. I'm so sorry. Those other guys are all show and no go. Jim's is King.
6363	9	2014-11-19	Stopped in here during our recent trip to Philly, we had the cheesteak w/ American cheese & onions. It was okay, nothing to really brag about but everyone stops here when their in Philly so why not?? On a night of drinking I'm sure we'll be back otherwise, †probably not.
6364	9	2014-11-14	Gross, chewy bread and racism served up hot. How can you have a sign that says, "This is America - †we speak English!" when your staff doesn't understand an order unless it's phrased "2 whiz wit!" Go to Jim's.
6365	9	2014-11-12	I was in the area and decided to stop in and try a cheesesteak. †I was not really impressed with what I got. †The bread was a little too chewy for my liking. †The meat was decent, but kind of dry. †I did order the sandwich with provolone, so that might have been a factor for the dryness. †This place is definitely worth a try due to the history, but that is about all.
6366	9	2014-11-11	Meh. I don't get the hype of this place or the †other one across the street. †I took my teenager and her friend (visiting from Italy) here and regretted it. †Very much a tourist trap with cheesesteaks that taste like the assembly line that they came off of. †If you want a real taste of Philly go to the reading terminal and get a roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone from DeNic's. YUM. †Or go to any truck and order a cheesesteak. It will be fresher tasting than this place.
6367	9	2014-11-05	So according to a lot of reviews here they say that Geno's is a rude and can be a racist establishment. I didn't experience that . I went at about 9pm with my Indian pal and there was zero rudeness or racism toward my friends accent. So very pleasant experience. †Keep in mind that it was late and nearly empty so the level of stress wasn't displayed amongst the employees which can happen in fast paced hours. Anyhow, the Steak Sandwiches were OK. Not out of this world. Average. But I suppose my curiosity got the best of me. So if your in tourist mode and you just need to go. Fine. † But it's not the best. Sorry to disappoint. And neither is Pat's right across the street. Just helping you not waste time.
6368	9	2014-11-03	Xenophobia and racism aside, Geno's is still sub-par at best.
6369	9	2014-11-03	This was our first authentic Philly cheesesteak experience. We figured when in Philly, you can't pass up the opportunity to try a with whiz Philly. Geno's certainly captures your attention with it's flashy signs and boisterous lighting. The woman that took the order was unfriendly. Food was quick, which made sense because it was also sloppy and cold. I tried it without any additions. It was okay. I decided to add hot sauce, relish, ketchup and some hot cherry peppers. Much better with condiments to mask the lackluster taste of the cold meat and cheese sandwich. I give it two stars because it tasted better than Pat's, but the service was rude and I wouldn't return. Cash only and way overpriced for the quality. See my review on Pat's for a comparison.
6370	9	2014-11-03	Just as shitty as Pat's, but served with a side of xenophobic racism. †Thanks for all the light pollution in my neighborhood, Geno's.
6371	9	2014-11-03	love this place great to bring visitors from out of town. really get a feel for Philadelphia this way. Something is always happen here. always buzzing.
6372	9	2014-11-01	The cheesesteaks are okay. Pats are better. There are other good spots in the area. This is a tourist trap to avoid. They seem to be proudly/openly xenophobic and/or racist. what's up with that???
6373	9	2014-11-01	i wish that you could sit down and eat food was good
6374	9	2014-10-30	No amount of neon and flash will make what they pass for a cheese steak any good. †There are SO many good cheese steak options in the city and none of them are anywhere near this intersection.
6375	9	2014-10-29	I am being generous with two stars. So disappointed to have finally got to Philly and get over to Geno's or Pat's...try it and be utterly underwhelmed. Should have asked locals where to go rather than be drawn in to the "famous" places. †I grew up in Venice, CA and we have a little hoagie shop there that claims to be just like Philly's..now I can compare and say I will stick with Venice's version. Geno's obviously has high turnover and they care very little about quality versus rushing a sandwich out the window. I ordered a steak sandwich with provolone, onions, mushrooms and peppers. In under 2 minutes our sandwich was handed to us. In Venice, you have a good 10 minute wait as it is made fresh FOR YOU! The steak is cooked as you order with the cheese melted on top. The onions and peppers and mushrooms freshly grilled to order. This means the meat is not rubbery and dry because it was cooked long ago. The cheese is actually melted into the meat and nice and hot because it was JUST cooked. This provolone was barely noticable and partially melted because it had warm already cooked meat thrown on top of that. No flavor to the onions, peppers and mushrooms that were a bit undercooked probably in large quantities and set aside for hours. The bread was too much..a chewy sourdough like roll rather than a french style which yes would get soggy but you eat it fast enough when it is fresh and hot. Also, like other patrons..turned off by the "It's America, order in english". Whoever owns (ed) Geno's surely had relatives who came from another country speaking another language. This is a melting pot..why such hate? Just such a negative thing to post up...racist attitude prevails in neighborhood or just a racist owner?? The whole experience....MEH!!!! Keep your cheesesteaks..I will just enjoy them in Venice when I go there. Even the chain here in my area called Philly Cheesesteak Co. is better and fresher than what I tasted here.
6376	9	2014-10-29	I don't eat red meat but when I do its a cheese steak from ginos in south philly a must for a bucket list.
6377	9	2014-10-28	Kudos for finding a parking spot right in front of the place. Even better was that I only had a five minute wait. I suppose it was the time of day? Either way, I was pleased to finally try this place out. This, however, wasn't a disappointment but I wasn't blown away, either. I can't remember the name of the coffee shop next door but they do allow you to bring your cheesesteak over to eat inside if you made a purchase. A drink or coffee would suffice. All the outdoor seats were full and it started to rain so this was a great option. Had this been my only cheesesteak in the two days I visited AC/Philly I would probably rate this visit four stars. It was good but I felt after having one of their competitors the day before I felt like there was more to be desired. It was juicy, healthy in size but I felt the hype I've had over the years just wasn't there. I would say that I felt this place to be very commercialized from what all my friends have told me. These folks were a lot nicer than others made them out to be. The dude in the coffee shop gave us the lingo to use so we didn't look like chumps when ordering. Still good, not great, but certainly worth trying...
6378	9	2014-10-27	better than pats and always a fun time waiting in line with others who are getting ready to enjoy one of the best cheesesteaks in philly
6379	9	2014-10-26	Oh yeah this place is doing it right. Steak is good, cheese has flavor, bread is toasted. All in all a steak sandwich done right. Tip: bring cash, cash only.
6380	9	2014-10-26	Certainly not the best anymore but an "institution" none the less.
6381	9	2014-10-26	I went to Geno's in an attempt to see which classic restaurant does the cheesesteak better. For me, the winner was definitely Geno's. This place has their service down to a science as the line is usually long, but the wait times to get your food are lightning quick. The meat at Geno's really puts this sandwich over the top. It is very tender and flavorful and goes well with all the toppings. One complaint I have is that I wish they put more of the cheese sauce and toppings on the sandwich because that really makes the sandwich. Otherwise, it was a delicious sandwich and worth checking out if you visit that famous intersection.
6382	9	2014-10-22	Good. Just not as good as Pat's.
6383	9	2014-10-22	One word - YUCK!! This place must make their money strictly based on being a tourist trap. And I do mean trap! Because unfortunately the hearsay will cause you to believe you must try a philly cheese steak from here. Well, I'm writing to tell you, DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!! Nope! I tasted my sandwich and looked around thinking, is this a joke?!! It was just that bad. Cheese whiz though? Really? Smh I struggled through the majority of it because I did not want to waste my money. That really sucks! Never again though. Only takes one time for me to learn a lesson in nasty food!
6384	9	2014-10-21	yum always great to eat a philly cheesesteak here! †a famous place & even if there is a line they are on the ball & wait on everyone quickly.
6385	9	2014-10-19	Not great, but while in Philly as a tourist I had to go here as well as Pat's. I liked Genos better than Pat's, but only marginally. I had a simple beef with cheese whiz and no onions. They are cash only FYI. The staff are pretty blunt and have an attitude but I suppose it adds to the experience.
6386	9	2014-10-18	Poor imitation of Pat's. Staff is equally as rude and abrasive. I tried their food only hoping that it would be better than Pat's, but that was a mistake. The bread is cold and stale. The sandwich was smaller than Pat's and had no taste. I found out later that the better steak sandwiches were elsewhere in Philly.
6387	9	2014-10-18	not bad. But personally i am a Pat's steak fan. Unless my steak was drench in cheese, the meet was super dry. I might give it another chance if i ever again visit down there.
6388	9	2014-10-16	you're paying for the name
6389	9	2014-10-15	Second best steak wit wiz. the difference is the staff are actually not a holes, and really quite nice. but the place across the street is tastier despite the a holes behind the dome
6390	9	2014-10-15	I try to like Geno's but I can't. †Every time I get a ch stk (provy wit) it doest taste good, like no taste. †It would be the same if I put cardboard in the roll. †I always like their ch fries though. †Got one last week to go, get home, and its a half cup of fries! † You charge 5 bucks for frozen fries with some cheese wiz, you can at least give me a full order of fries. † Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is that its the cleanest food business i've ever seen, place is spotless. †You can eat off the floor its that freakin clean.
6391	9	2014-10-15	I don't get it. †Great drunk food, or a quick sandwich on your way out of town. †Philly is starved for good restaurants if this place is as good as it gets for sandwiches. †WAY too overpriced for a lot of bread too. †The cheese whiz version is way to greasy and hard to eat without making a mess. Only option is onions. † Yes, tourist trap.
6392	9	2014-10-14	Taking the walk across the street I had the opportunity to take the Philly cheese steak challenge. In my personal opinion I think everything from the way the steak was cut down to the roll was better at Geno's. Make sure you know how to order when you go because they will give you crap if you don't.
6393	9	2014-10-14	Geno's Steak.....if you're having Geno's, might as well try Pat's cheesesteak since it's across from one another. Seems to be more modern in terms of the set up, from the cash register up to the store front. The long line and long tradition makes it worth while.
6394	9	2014-10-07	The best cheesesteak I've ever had. Fast friendly service. I'd come here everyday if I lived nearby. † Place is very clean but I gave them 1 less star for using ammonia glass cleaner, smells horrible while eating and enjoying my cheesesteak.
6395	9	2014-10-06	So neither Pat's or Geno's are really all that good. There are like 20 places within spitting distance that are better. They are simply famous. That being said they are "stops on the tour" so if you're visiting - get a steak at both and decide for yourself. I would say that the actual quality at Geno's is generally less than stellar although the line is generally shorter and they have better seating. Also while you almost want to like the big, neon gaudiness of Geno's to give it an edge over Pat's - it's more than a little goofy... especially when you get to weird almost religious posters and such. And if you look around for a minute odds are you're going to see something slightly racist (be it an offensive sign or confederate flag). All for free speech, but like most folks in the NE metro area...I am probably going to exercise my own rights and take my business to a place that is either less outwardly racist - or at least has the common business sense to keep it to themselves.
6396	9	2014-10-05	Nope. †Go to Pat's across the street for better quality meat, more cheesesteak options on the menu, and way better fries.
6397	9	2014-10-05	Not as good as Steve's, but if you are in the area, it's worth it... †tourist trap wit' or without'
6398	9	2014-10-04	Real Philidelphians don't eat here. Genos is for tourists who don't know any better or see their crappy obnoxious lights. Ask around the city to locals for a better place
6399	9	2014-10-04	Genos or Pats? I like Genos better personally. Pats used to be great but if you read my review of them, they cheaped out on us and the usual poor customer service has surprisingly gotten worse (as if that were possible). Genos is a HUGE tourist stop along the Philly sightseeing tours. But, if you're Philly home grown, you know when to go and when to stay away. They have great steaks, even if you do have to seek a second mortgage in order to cover the cost. Yes, it's creepin up to nearly $10 for a cheesesteak. Bottom line, it's a treat, not something you allow yourself to eat everyday, so go get one and enjoy.
6400	9	2014-10-02	Tourist trap. †Outstanding cheese fries though.
6401	9	2014-10-01	Nothing to rave about, it is a typical Greek run restaurant with nice service. Food is above ok, but not what I would call excellent. Nice place to take a date and have a first meeting.
6402	9	2014-09-30	Good, but certainly not the best in Philly area. Go there for the scenery and comradery after a game or show...or just a long night of drinking.
6403	9	2014-09-29	I was in Philly a few days ago and heard about this place. Iit was very disappointing. These guys seem to be riding their name, the steak was dry and the cheese almost non existent. My girlfriend and I shared one sandwich and had to throw half away... I would definitely NOT recommend.
6404	9	2014-09-28	Amazing! I took a ride down to Pennsylvania with my girlfriend & my cousin we all where starving & my cousin told me about this place, so we went there I eneded up getting 2 cheese steaks because they where just so good, line was long but it moved fast & quick! dont forget to the fries lol
6405	9	2014-09-27	Geno's is definitely a Philadelphia icon but the steaks really are just average. They seem to be giving less steak in their sandwiches over the years as well but maybe its just in my head :P If you have a friend visiting from out of town take them there! But as your everyday cheese steak I'd visit your local pizza shop
6406	9	2014-09-25	We arrived here just after midnight and had no difficulty finding a place to park or a place to sit down and eat. †The tables line the sidewalk. I ordered the cheesesteak; what else is a tourist to do? †Maybe I was expecting something different I am from Jersey... it was disappointing. †The cheesesteak has chucks of steak that were exceptionally chewy and the cheese that failed to improve the overall experience. It didn't have a particular flavor that stood out and it was honestly forgettable except for the prices. It is expensive. †In a city full of flavor and variety.... I will try somewhere else next time.
6407	9	2014-09-24	Way too expensive for what you get. You can pay less elsewhere and get better food. Not all it's cracked up to be.
6408	9	2014-09-23	When in Philly, one must try an authentic PHILLY CHEESESTEAK SANDWICH!!!!!! I didn't though because I don't eat beef. I came here with two other friends whom are both huge carnivores and foodies. They got the philly cheesesteak (And also learned how to order it with melted cheese. It's called with wist? Or something like that haha) and I got a pork sandwich (with wist again.) The pork was okay! Wasn't spectacular, wasn't extremely flavored. But the vibes made up for it. Everyone was so enthusiastic about these sandwiches! The line also wasn't incredulously long too, so no one was grouchy. Overall, worth the try!! Especially if you aren't from Philly like me.
6409	9	2014-09-23	Decided to go to Geno's verus Pat's two weeks ago while in Philly. †That might have been a mistake. The sandwich was mostly bread and lacked flavor. The cheese fries were okay. We were lucky enough to get a little table but I was just not that impressed. Wish I could've tried Pat's too!
6410	9	2014-09-23	I'm doing a similar review for these two rivals - I loved Geno's and Pat's. They were both amazing!! Four of us went to try both of these amazing cheesesteaks, two of us got Geno's and two of us got Pat's then we just split them. We all went back and fourth on which one we liked better but both were great. Geno's bread was so fresh and had a pretzel like texture to the outside. They put the cheese on first and then the meat with onions. The meat was so juicy and I loved how the cheese sunk right into that delicious bread. You have to try these two if you are in Philly!
6411	9	2014-09-23	Geno's is a great spot, for the experience that it. †Whether stopping by after a sporting event or a long night of drinking, Geno's will be there to serve you. †No, it's not the best cheese steak in the city, not even by a long shot. †But when someone I know comes to visit the city for their first time, the experience is worth the trip alone.
5058	9	2014-09-22	I'm sorry all of the cheese steak places more or less taste the same, I prefer Jim's mostly because it's less of an eyesore.
6412	9	2014-09-21	The flavor and lack of chopped preparation for the steak is a letdown for me. †Alas. †I'll stick with Pat's or Dalessandros.
6413	9	2014-09-21	This may seem crazy that I'm giving them a fiver, but, they have something I've never tasted anywhere else: their hot sauce. I only just tried it recently (used leftover container for small portion of food) and am blown away. Not sure if they make it or if it's from a company, but, it is just highly-noxious, tasty, red goodness. If a jalapeno is too hot from you and a long hot would kill ya...stay away. That aside...enjoy. :] End note: I also commend Joey Vento and what he stood for; especially as a South Philadelphian like myself. I'm not an inbred or an old-timer either. In my early 20's and college-educated.
6414	9	2014-09-21	I just returned from a road trip to Philly where I had an opportunity to visit Geno's. For those few who don't know. Geno's is a half a block from Pat's. We gave the nod to Geno's as my daughter recently tried both establishments and preferred the roll and onions at Geno's. Although, she wasn't really thrilled with either place. Im must agree. Quite frankly , the Cheesesteaks at a couple of my local home town spots are much better. Puzo's & The Caboose on the Corner, located in Fairfield NJ are both FAR superior in every way. Better roll, better quality & quantity of meat and a much larger variety of custom toppings. I have come to the conclusion that the legendary "Great Philly Cheesesteak" is a complete myth. I won't be back.
6415	9	2014-09-18	Between the two competitors I chose pats because Genos had grizzly meat with a lot of straight fat, pats meat was very juicy and most of the fast was trimmed off. Also the comparison of bread pats had soft bread while geno's was crusty. Similar in price, andI also liked geno's service a little better. Never the less it's a good food spot to try for tourists.
6416	9	2014-09-18	Over rated.
6417	9	2014-09-17	I come here for their Philly Cheese Steak. Honestly i need to say i like their bread but steak...
6418	9	2014-09-16	Overpriced and nothing special about it. Rather spend that type of money on a large Big Mac and still have money left over for some lotto tickets. Would not recommend anyone to this place. Racist a$$hoIe started the English only bull. Everyone should stop going there. Even the tourist. Cause people from Philly knows their cheesesteaks and know where to go get a good one and that place is not geno's or pat's.
6419	9	2014-09-15	I'm sure this place doesn't need my review, but what the heck. †Here goes... I was told by several people that I needed to choose between either Pat's or Geno's when visiting Philadelphia. †By sheer chance, I ended up going to Geno's. †After all the hype, I was really expecting an amazing cheese steak sandwich. †In actuality, I thought the sandwich was just alright. †I was good, don't get me wrong; but I was expecting a mindblowingly tasty experience of orgasmic proportions based on everything that was told to me. †The meat was kind of bland and dry and the overall sandwich was kind of flat. †Again, nothing special about it at all. Truth be told, I think I've had a better cheese steak sandwich in Denver of all places. †There's a place off of Broadway that I still remember as being pretty amazing to this day after having visited years ago. †But who knows, maybe I was just exceptionally hungry when I tried that place.
6420	9	2014-09-14	Geno's "English-only" sign is ignorant and unwelcoming. The cheesesteak at Pat's (right across the street) tastes better anyway. Although I have to admit, neither Pat's or Geno's was amazingly good.
6421	9	2014-09-14	Typical tourist steak joint. †People from Philadelphia do not eat here unless they are drunk at 3 a.m.
6422	9	2014-09-13	Pretty good. Way better than Denver. I like Pat's better. It's meatier and they use real Cheez wiz. The meat has something Pat's doesn't. I can't put my figure out what it is. It is a little better here. The service is terrible. They are both fun and a good visit. Best in town is Sonny's.
6423	9	2014-09-13	Don't waist your time. I'm from Philadelphia †my whole life. People only go here because the name.... same with Pats. People if your coming to visit here in the city the food really isn't good and locals do not eat there. South philly has a million really tasty food spots. But Geno's and Pats aren't not one of them. Put it this way I was drunk and hungry with my husband and another couple it was late nothing was opened so we go here I couldn't even eat the food drunk and hungry. That's pretty bad:( however it is in a cool location at 9th street. Oh n be prepared to spend a lot of money $$$$$$$$$
6424	9	2014-09-13	I thought my sandwich was delicious, so was hubby's. We each got one with a different cheese so that we could share. The fries were yummy too. What stuck with me more than the food was the attitude of the employees. They were so friendly and funny, that it truly made for a great experience.
6425	9	2014-09-12	So...after visiting Pat's, Geno's was my next stop. †I made sure to order the same thing I had at Pat's (cheesesteak wit, with provolone) ,except I don't think Geno's has mushrooms.... I got my sandwich and I slowly unwrap it.....and again no magic faeries.....oh well. †I don't know....after traveling all this way, I thought there would be some sort of magical aura, but no...just a quickly made cheesesteak. I ate it and found out that I am a Geno's guy. On this particular day, the onion to meat ratio was almost one to one at Geno's. †Pat's has meat with a little onion....for me that was the difference. †That and the fact that the cheese slices in Geno's were thinner so it melted a little faster...to blend the flavor. †The bun was still nice and soft here, but the onions (that have been soaking up flavor juice from the well seasoned grill) made this cheesesteak better. My wife ordered cheese fries and those were good as well. †Crunchy fries with soft cheese sauce....good times.
6426	9	2014-09-11	Steaks are ok, not the best in Philly at all, but will never go there again because of Joey Vento and his hate mongering when he was alive!!!!!!
6427	9	2014-09-10	This place was not what i expected. Beginning with the rudest service from a woman with blonde hair saying nasty comments. This was our first time there and will be our last. Food was OK but should have went to Pats. Two of the servers did not seem like they wanted to be there with the rude stares and comments. I drove over an hour to try this place and i am VERY disappointed. Also it is over rated and in a bad area. Maybe they should live up to There expectation!
6428	9	2014-09-09	We took the family for a Geno/Pat test. †I'm a GENO's fan †YAHOOO, The bread is what made the difference. †The people as well †I liked the wit'out. †Everytime company comes into town we do the Geno/Pat comparison. †Geno's wins every time. †Oh wait Pat's won with one person from Massachusetts, what do they know up there †hmmph they eat boiled dinners! †GO GENO's
6429	9	2014-09-09	Food - I honestly liked Geno's Steaks over Pat's because it wasn't as dry and the bread was somewhat crispy. However, I can still see some same problems I had with Pat's at Geno's. The meat was somewhat dry, like it has been sitting on the grill for too long and they had to sell it, unfortunately. They definitely had the better fries compared to Pat's but it was honestly like choosing the better between 2 poisons. Price - A little less expensive than Pat's but I would not come back and pay for that. Service - Slightly better than Pat's but it was definitely not superb. I would not return. So overrated. I was upset at the end.
6430	9	2014-09-09	Finally did the cheese steak thing! In comparison of flavor, Pat's wins. Very disappointed in the price to quantity, neither had any meat and was only half a sandwich. Geno's had a more inviting atmosphere and friendlier staff. Meat had a taste of old blood, but the roll was warm and the meat was hot. I'll stick to my South Jersey cheese steaks, Seagraves and Italian Kitchen, you have no competition! Same price, twice the size and tree times the meat!
6431	9	2014-09-08	Geno steaks are not that good , the place is over rated ....if you had to pick a place in south philly I would go with tony lucks at front and Oregon !!!!!
6432	9	2014-09-07	I lived in Philadelphia for about 7 years, and only came here a handful of times. †However, I returned this year, after moving to the West Coast and decided to partake in a head to head competition of Pat's versus Geno's. † We ordered a steak sandwich from each, identical wit Wiz and Onions, and then split each one in half and shared. We agreed that we enjoyed Pat's just a bit better. †Both had redeeming qualities; however, we thought that Pat's flavor profile was just a bit better than Geno's. † Our opinion; however, both produced a quality steak. † I must say that Geno's gets one less star, despite both being pretty good. †We ordered a soda and a steak from Geno's; however, they refused to give us a cup of water, despite purchasing a steak and soda from them. †The service on this issue was not really satisfactory.
6433	9	2014-09-07	Thought this place was better than Pat's. Bread was fantastic, had more texture and flavor. Steak WAS NOT as grubbie and chewie as Pats. The cheese was more flavorful. We did cheese fries too... Soo good. †They only accept cash!!! †Be aware! †I was pleased and will be back! †The steak was so tender wet and savory. Perfectly spiced and nice and salty!
6434	9	2014-09-06	good food, but overrated, ate here a bunch of times, but its really bad for you. they make it very fast because of the long lines and dont really spend time cooking the meat correctly, both pats and geno's are going down the drain
6435	9	2014-09-05	Not that good. When you get to Geno's the first thing you'll notice are the ultra-bright, white neon lights that look like the cross between a cafeteria and an ER waiting room. The cheese steak (I got one with provolone) was limp, semi-cold, and devoid of flavor. I couldn't even tell it had cheese in it. A disappointment. Also, maybe I just don't like whiz, but the fries with whiz were just inedible. On a side note: what's with the sign that warns patrons "This is America, speak English!"? This just sounds xenophobic. Why so confrontational towards foreigners? Are people who work at Geno's able to speak the local language every time they travel abroad? French fries here are indicated as Freedom Fries on the menu, and I don't think this was a joke. Perhaps Geno's even donated money to return the Statue of Liberty to France at the time of the Iraq invasion. Finally, all the various police emblems, which under other circumstances could have been seen as a colorful, interesting collection, end up contributing to the overall unwelcoming, menacing ambiance. ---------------------------- PS: If, like me, you're planning a nice, long walk from downtown to get to this neighborhood in the evening, think again. Although not necessarily unsafe, you'll walk through dilapidated neighborhoods with completely empty streets before reaching your destination.
6436	9	2014-09-03	Geno's is the best out of Pat's and Tony Lukes. The onions are what makes the cheesesteak really good. They could def. add more meat on the sandwich to make it a little better, but always a fan of this place. Advice, don't order slow at the window and know what you want. These people have no patience lol
6437	9	2014-09-02	Ok so I talked shit and got bit I admit!!!!!! Was picking a friend up from the airport at 8 p. M and the flight was delayed 3 hours so instead of sitting in the airport I drove into the city I drove first to Geno's steaks thought that the cheese whiz thing was cracked tried it for the first time and it was damn good funny though you can get a steak from one window and you have to go to a different window to get a drink thought that was weird but I like the place it is good go there go there now
6438	9	2014-09-02	Not sure what all the hype is about. †Yes this place and Pat's got their fame from tv shows and famous celebrities, but famous for their food?....not so much. †Geno's seems to get their fame and business from tourism. †I was pretty eager to try out an authentic Philly Cheeseteak to see how it matches up with the one local to me back in Cali. †First off, the line was wrapped around the block, but the best part was the the line moved very quickly. †You get to the window and blurt out your sandwich order and pay 10 bucks to the lady. †The sandwich came in 3 minutes, then if you want a drink you have to move down to the next window to order the rest of your meal. (fries and a soda) † † † Ready to eat my sandwich, I unwrap it and it literally looked like a pile of microwaved meat stuck in an an ordinary roll. †The bread was tough and chewy inside and out without a hint of toasting or crisp on the outside. †Meat was pretty bland and was in small pieces like getting the last of a bag of chips. †The only thing I could really taste was the provolone cheese. † In short, tasted like a microwaved frozen sandwich. †Also got a LARGE soda, which was about 12 oz or so. †I know we americans are overweight, but a Large is a large..and it should be about 20 oz-24 oz minumum esp if you're paying top prices. † † Lastly, also had an order of fries for 4 dollars!! yes $$$$4 DOLLARS!!! Fries are served in a paper cup and look like seasoned fries but aren't so it makes me wonder what kind of oil they use. †Ate the first fry and I immediately had that nasty oil/film coating left in my mouth. †Felt like plastic melting in my mouth, † †A complete tasteless meal for 16 bux, now you know how these guys stay in business with all their shiny lights at night. †Someone has to pay for the electric bill. † Don't recommend this place as its a novelty but they will get their share of tourists and i was def one to fall for the tourist trap. † Oh and remember, according to the sign in front, if you don't speak Engrish, then don't bother cuz you're not welcome.
6439	9	2014-09-01	I was so excited to try an authentic Philly cheesesteak and spent the entire ride from the airport thinking about a sandwich overflowing with meat, peppers, onions and cheese "wiz," but I was disappointed when it turned out to be more roll than anything else. Very skimpy on the filling, I barely needed a napkin. I was also put off by the "this is America, please order in English" sign in their window. I only speak English, but would expect more hospitality and less blatant hostility from a † place so dependent on visits from tourists from all over. If I had noticed the sign before I ordered, I would've taken my business across the street to Pat's.
6440	9	2014-09-01	I grew up in PA, but live in Cali now with my husband. I took my family t o east coast and of course my husband had to go here. Service was fast I got a steak sandwich with onions and whiz. Super cheesy and delicious †- bread was soft. Steak was more like small round patty's loved it. I actually ate a Pat's steak sandwich at the same time and I was comparing the two and Geno's was cheesier.
6441	9	2014-09-01	Not a good steak. Gummy bread. Worse than so-so but not inedible. But what really sets this place apart are the ample side servings of xenophobia and the meaty blobs of crypto-facism. After looking around at the place with its signs proudly claiming not to serve anyone who doesn't speak English, not to mention a collection of badges and buttons that rival a police museum, I was sorry I gave this creepy establishment a dime, let alone $30. But ... it created a lifetime memory between my son and myself. He just kept asking me the whole time after, why is a place like this still in business? Good question son.
6442	9	2014-08-31	Honestly, I liked Geno's Steaks out of the "Big 3" (Geno's, Pat's, and Tony Luke's) the most. I ordered the cheesesteak with the american cheese and onions. The bread was crisp on the outside while chewy on the inside and the cheese complimented the steak really well. Also keep in mind I also went across the street and had a cheesesteak from Pat's, which was very similar.
6443	9	2014-08-31	so good, make sure you know what you want before you get in line
6444	9	2014-08-31	My friends were in town and wanted to experience a Philly Cheesesteak. Of course, they've heard about Geno's and Pat's so I took them there. I personally didn't have high expectations from Geno's because I haven't heard many good things about it. Nevertheless, I did expect a decent cheesesteak from here. I ordered a provolone cheesesteak with onions. Very fast service! I got my cheesesteak in less than two minutes. They sure pound those babies out here! Onto the actual cheesesteak now. I'm not too big a fan of cheesesteaks, so I can't judge them as well as many other people. I've had a few of them to compare Geno's with though. That being said, I was extremely disappointed with my cheesesteak from Geno's. The bread was so chewy and awful. I had to yank it from my mouth to get an actual bite out of it. It wasn't toasted at all and was just stale. The meat was mediocre at best. It was not tender, and they definitely skimp out on the meat. I barely tasted the cheese in my order. Onions are onions so it's a bit hard to mess that up. Overall, I wouldn't recommend going to Geno's for your first Philly cheesesteak experience. I give it two stars: one for the food and one for the quick service. Save yourself the trouble and head to Tony Luke's! I have yet to try Jim's, but that's next on my list.
6445	9	2014-08-30	So decided to stop in and try a cheese steak at ginos steaks, what a disappointment figured coming from NYC it would be better than anything I could find back home. NOT!! First off the meat is sliced not chopped, had no flavor, the bread was weak and really didn't stand up to the steak, not even toasted, the onions , tasted like they came outa a can , the cheese ( got provolone ) again no flavor and not even melted, Oh and where are the peppers man, cant have a cheese steak without peppers! All in all very poor , I can get a better tasting cheese steak from papaya king on the corner of 42nd and 9th for $7.50 with fries and a drink. And to be fair I went across the street to try Pats king of steaks same crap! Final word can get a better cheese stake for half the price in NYC
6446	9	2014-08-30	These people think its funny to have horrible attitudes. †Not the Philadelphia spirit. †Funny that they demand you speak English, since they are all decendants of a bunch of immigrant Italians running the place. †Their cheese steaks belong in Times Square, not South Philly. †We got yelled at because we parked (on the public street) and then went to Pats across the street. †These people are not what Philadelphia is about. †This is also the same place where fans think its funny to beat up visiting sports team fans. †I just want a steak, I'm not here to earn street cred!
6447	9	2014-08-28	Ehhhh nothing compared to Pats. †When you look at theirs next to pats, it's got wayyyy less meat and their wiz is more liquidy. I wouldn't come back to this one when I'm in Philly and craving a cheesesteak since Pats just right across the street lol
6448	9	2014-08-25	Was in Philly a couple of weekends ago with a friend and we figured we'd do the tourist thing and go try Pat's and Geno's. First ate at Pat's then came here to compare. Fortunately, right before i was about to place my order my friend pointed out their bullshit "taking back our country! this is America speak English" sign. ....Are you serious? So we turned around and went back to Pat's for seconds instead. And judging from the reviews not only are they blatantly racist, but their food sucks anyway, so I'm content with our choice. Stay classy, Geno's.
6449	9	2014-08-25	Go for pat's! but i think they're both over-rated to be honest...
6450	9	2014-08-25	Soooo ... I tried a bite of a friends cheesesteak late night after bar hopping and I spit it right out ! I felt like I was eating very low quality meat that was chewy and made think that if I ever had rat meat that's what it would taste and feel like ! I do love a good cheese fry late night from here , but don't forget †in the morning you will be ass blasting it out !! Haha at least that's what always happens to me !
6451	9	2014-08-25	Very bland. I don't understand how they can call themselves the best. Tasteless and cheeseless overpriced cheese steak sandwich. I barely tasted the cheese and the steak had no taste. †Oh and there was a sign at the ordering counter telling customers to speak English. I mean I understand that but customers are the ones who pay your rent and salary so have some respect man.
6452	9	2014-08-24	Love cheesesteaks here!!!!! I like how they cut their meat thin slice and easy to chew, it was tender and love onions was cook on the point. The only thing is their service wasn't friendly!!!!
6453	9	2014-08-24	Fat Peter rating system. as follows: STARS- standard yelp CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- NO Why I went †-famous. why not they a little better then pats they don't chop their steak. †standard cheesesteak i've had better Foods done.... lets move on GENO STEAK is a sonofabitch. †he is a racist with his political rants and bull "speak english" †he runs a public place and he should take that stuff down. †I will never eat there again. racist KKK bastard. †FREEDOM Fries ... WHITE piece of pasta eating big mouth trash. † don't you dare take this down cause he has the signs up at restaurant I can put this up. † oh and cheesesteak was okay goto other place I reviewed.. have a nice day
6454	9	2014-08-24	Oh Geno's †I really liked how fast I got my food, but I have to say where's the beef? I came here with our of town guest we shared a Geno's and a Pats cheese steak.... and the winner was Pats. While I have to say the glimmering light of Geno's is tempting I would most definitely go to Pat's. Not to say they don't make a tasty Cheese Steak, I will definitely give it another try.
6455	9	2014-08-24	If you choose anywhere else for a Philly cheese steak, you're not from Philly...it's just the way it is. Order correctly and ENJOY!
6456	9	2014-08-23	Definitely not what I expected. †The quality of the roast beef wasn't there. †The mushrooms were canned and they charged $1 extra. The grilled onions were nothing special. There is no special sauce either. I put some mustard on it just to get some flavor. The bread was very good. †The line wasn't too bad. †They made all the pricing end in even dollars with tax. †$4 for french fries that looked ordinary is no bargain. I skipped them. †$2 for small drinks and no refills - no bargain. †They are using their hype to get business. †Pain that you have to go to different windows for sandwiches and drinks/fries.
6457	9	2014-08-23	I can get a better cheesesteak at my local pizzeria in NYC. Really nothing special. Frozen fries get rubbery after 5 minutes. I really cant believe I drove down here for this. Maybe Pat's??
6458	9	2014-08-21	So i got dragged along on a road trip and was told this was one of the better cheesesteak spots in Philly. Not gonna lie I am not a huge fan of teh "chease steaK' but I figured why not try it... So we get there and tehres a huge line, mind you this was on July 4th, of all days, but the line went pretty quick, It's definetly a assembly line prep of the classic cheese steak sandwich. I love that I can see the kitchen prepare my food right before my eyes. The sandwiches were flying like hot cakes and everyone was raving about them. While on the line a patron of the competetion, "pat's steaks" decided that he was going to buy a steak from geno's and Pat's, (comparison?) and sit at the tables meant for geno's... A big guy, Presummembly Geno? Started screaming at the guy to "get lost with that Crap sandwich!" and told him he didn't care if he bought one from him as well... He kept screaming till the guy and his family left. So taht was enetertaining, as I waited on the long line, while drooling ancd starving... So finally I get ready to order and get the classic cheesesteak with provolone and onions. My bf got one with cheese wiz ( yes ugh, cheese wiz). and we both got fries and a drink. The steaks were MASSIVE and worth the $9 they cost. I tried my bf's first and teh meat was good, and suprisingly so was the cheese wiz.. But I felt it was missing something. Peppers and onions perhaps? Eh.. So i took a bite of mine and boy what a difference provolne and onions make. It was heavenly... I ate the whole thing in a few bites and was literally tempted to buy another (didn't)... This was my first time eating a philly cheese steak in Philly, and I hear that there's A LOT of competetion, but I think Geno has got something right here. If I am ever back in Philly I will def. stop to grab one of these much sought after sub's.... One complaint: offer peppers on the menu, Thanks!
6459	9	2014-08-21	Haven't been to this establishment since a year. I only order the cheese fries because they are really good usually. Just had the cheese fries today and it was disgusting. I ended up throwing half way. Fries were not even crispy and they were soggy. Girlfriend said it has a powdery taste to it. Last time I'm coming here for anything. So sad, I used to be a big fan of their cheese fries.
6460	9	2014-08-20	OK, So I'm a born & raised Philly girl. I bleed green just like any other die hard Philadelphian. I have heard †the ole "What's the best cheesesteak in Philly" debate many a time. I have been called every name in the book when I throw my opinion in the ring. To your average Philadelphia, I am a blasphemer, but as a true Philly girl, I gotsta keep it real. I'm just not into the famed Geno's. There are plenty of other authentic establishments that will hook you up with a much better sandwich.
6461	9	2014-08-20	There is something wrong with you if you like or go here. You're either a tourist or have questionable character. Pat's is across the street just go there or any of the 100 steak places including food carts that are significantly better. Don't be fooled by the bright lights or the BS publicity it gets on the nation stage, its plain gross.
6462	9	2014-08-19	Nope. No comparison to pats, and some rude ass service to boot. Go across the street.
6463	9	2014-08-19	I don't get why there are so many negative reviews for Genos. †I loved Genos! † I was in town and on the hunt to find the best cheesesteaks and out of the 4 I tried, Genos was my favorite! †And I even ate my Genos after it was sitting around in my fridge for a few hours so it wasn't even fresh! † Genos - so juicy, tasty and oozing with cheese. †All of the flavors were there and it was so so so so so good. †When I reheated it, I was expecting it to be bad, but the flavors were all there. †I could just imagine how good it would have been if I ate it fresh. †The sandwich was also a perfect size! I tried Pats, Ishkabibble's and Jim's the same weekend and my leftover/sitting in the fridge for a few hours Geno's sandwich was actually the best out of the 4 believe it or not. †Pats was my second favorite since it was also very juicy and tasty. †I ate that fresh and made the choice to save Geno's for later. †Jim's was good, but it was tiny in size compared to the 4. †Jim's was also lacking the flavor Genos and Pats had. †Ishkabibble was the worst of the 4 since it lacked flavor =( † I will definitely be back to try Genos fresh and we'll see if my mind changes!
6464	9	2014-08-17	Geno's is overrated. †It's mediocre cheesesteak, †I've had better at a local bodega. Don't go here with high expectations.
6465	9	2014-08-16	I've had Pats many times, late night or for a morning brunch. I had Geno's only once when a friend bought us a few steaks for dinner. It tasted good, but I got the WORST food poisoning of my life that night. It was the only thing I ate aside from single miller light, so I have to assume it was the steak. I was sick for the next 18 hours and couldn't leave the house, let alone the bathroom. †Sticking with Pats in the future.
6466	9	2014-08-14	Ehhhhh the cheesesteak is forgettable, definitely tourist trappy. I didn't try Pat's so I can't compare but I probably won't go back to try them either. Also not a huge fan of the over the top ~patriotism~ theme going on here but to each his own.
6467	9	2014-08-14	Geno's is definitely an interesting place, but it's a tourist attraction and not a place to eat a cheesesteak. If you want an actual cheesesteak find a pizza place. The cheese fries are good, but not really worth the price.
6468	9	2014-08-14	The definition of a bad cheesesteak for the locals. The only reason I give them two stars is because the ordinary tourist wouldn't know any better. This place is just an attraction. Pretty much as bad as it gets.
6469	9	2014-08-13	So after living in NJ my whole life, I finally made the trip to Geno's. This place does not live up to the hype at all. The food was not cooked fresh. We ordered and were given our food like 30 seconds later. So basically they have food just hanging out waiting to be placed on a roll. That does not sound appetizing at all. †The sandwich was not horrible, but not good. There was like 2 pieces of meat on the roll, and mostly uncooked onions. Oh and I wasn't aware, but they don't cut the steak like a typical cheese steak. It's more or less like a slab of meat. †The roll itself was ok. Most of the staff appeared to be annoyed. Maybe they are tired of working for a tourist attraction. Who knows. I will probably never go back here. Oh and I almost forgot, the minute we went to sit down, some older guy who claims that he worked there was trying to bum cigarettes from people. -__-
6470	9	2014-08-13	Most of the time, when I purchase a steak, it didn't come from live cook, came from the cooked pot. Pat's Steaks do that, fresh cooked. I would go for Pat's steak.
6471	9	2014-08-12	What a greasy, sad disappointment. I was deciding if I wanted Pat's or Geno's (at the time I hadn't tried either). I chose to go with the shorter line, which was obviously the wrong choice because I landed at in a uncomfortable, greasy neon afterglow of a terrible sandwich. I'm giving this 2 stars because I think even a crummy cheesesteak is still a 2 star cheesesteak.. because cheesesteaks are awesome. Wait in line and go to Pat's, or, even better, skip this nonsense all together.
6472	9	2014-08-12	Tried it for the first time because of the hype. Really not what I expected after trying all the other cheesesteak places in Philly. Definitely a tourist attraction..usually the hole in the walls that don't have the lights, glitz and glamour are way better
6473	9	2014-08-11	The Philly cheesesteak showdown went down! Genos versus Pats. This is one area that you need to pass by if you're visiting Philly. It's located in a typical Philly neighborhood with surrounding brick houses, plenty of people, and a lot of activity at the playground. Back to the steak off. Their sandwiches are similar sizes and the meat portions seem to be about the same. Pats bread is a little tougher than Genos. But with Genos bread, you can actually taste the richness of the bread. Genos onions and the cheese is hands down the winner. Overall unanimous decision goes to Genos.
6474	9	2014-08-11	I tried both Geno's and Pat's one right after the other. No I did not eat two full cheesesteaks within a matter of minutes, thankyouverymuch! :) I had a few bites of each one and I have to say, they aren't anything special and for the price, definitely not anything special but if I had to chose I like Geno's better!
6475	9	2014-08-10	It's about what I expected. Greasy meat and onions on a great piece of bread but it's part of the Philly experience. We got there right before a huge lunch rush which lasted the rest of the time we were there. I'd venture to say that a Whiz wit would be awesome at 2am on the way home from the bar though. I'll try Pat's next to compare, then I've gotta get a roast pork that people rave about. I love sandwiches!
6476	9	2014-08-09	Every time I go to south philadelphia i make it a point to stop at both Pat's and to geno's. I love them both. there is little difference between the two.
6477	9	2014-08-09	I'm not one to write bad review's, †never have before, †but I find this place to be absolutely ridiculous. I came here to see what all the hype was about, and came to the conclusion that it was NOT for the taste or quality of the food! Hundreds of celebrity photo's and autographs is all that makes these people come back, and it saddens me to see how skewed humanity's perception is when we can no longer even use our own judgement and personal taste to value the food we eat! Because 'celebrities' once dined at this spot, it's automatically supposed to make the food something delicious?! Ridiculous. Don't. Just don't waste your time and money.
6478	9	2014-08-09	Geno's is the Las Vegas of South Philly - open 24/7 and bright as heck at night! This place draws completely different crowds, depending on the time of day. My fair assessment: Lunch = Tourists | Dinner = Locals | Overnight = The After-Partiers. Whenever you go, be prepared to stand in line and/or lose your place if you don't order in English. But, who doesn't love a splash of orange fake cheese on white bread with lots of grease-soaked meat!? (I sometimes do!) While "Pat's and Geno's" is the slogan that resonates throughout the City of Brotherly Love for good cheesesteaks, my favorite will always be Jim's on South.
6479	9	2014-08-09	If I had to pick between Pat's and Geno's then I guess I would pick Geno's..though if it came down to it I would really pick neither! I prefer a cheesesteak hoagie from Barrel's on 18th and Wolf though I wish they should stop skimping on the meat! Anyway..back to Geno's...picture this..it's 2AM on a hot summer night after you have had a little too much to drink so you decide to do what every Philly native does pop over to Geno's! Well....at 2AM on this hot summer night in Philly the air was so thick with the smell of steak, onions and garbage....or at least it was when I was there. It was nauseating and it made me lose my appetite so I just got fries and a soda and called it a morning!
6480	9	2014-08-09	try it just to say you had it i guess
6481	9	2014-08-08	I came here with my dad on Monday night and our cheesesteaks were not that great. The meat was dry and they didn't cook their onions long enough. They also skimped on the cheese whiz. The roll was phenomenal though. The people that work here are just odd and unfriendly. They are cash only so go prepared with some bills. I still like Jim's on South better!
6482	9	2014-08-08	This place is better than Pat's. The line was long, even at 2 pm on a Friday. The one with cheese whiz was pretty good. The Four Seasons makes a better cheesesteak.
6483	9	2014-08-07	yummm..love their cheese steaks!! best in philly
6484	9	2014-08-07	not good
6485	9	2014-08-06	Love these cheesesteaks!! I have been to Pat's (across the street) and also Jim's. Geno's is by far much tastier and juicier. I like how the meat is cut into thinner slices than most other Philly cheesesteaks. I also prefer Geno's bread than any of the other cheesesteaks. I see people complaining about the service, but you know what you are getting yourself into: an establishment that has been around since 1966, quick service, and a bang for your buck. For the price that the cheesesteaks cost, I don't think we need 5 star service. It's all about how delicious it is!
6486	9	2014-08-05	i like it but not love it. the cheese steak had everything it needed to be good but i just didnt feel the love for it.
6487	9	2014-08-05	I will actually copy and paste from my review of Pat's because Geno's is essentially Pat's if Guy Fieri took the helm. Geno's is really a tourist spot more than anything else. †It's not that there's anything especially wrong with being a tourist spot, but Geno's is not someplace to go for a special meal. †Most people want to compare it to Pat's, which is another tourist spot. †Comparatively, Pat's has better bread, the meat and cheese are the same, but Geno's fries are better. †They offer the basic steaks and fries. † If you are visiting Philadelphia and you're in the Italian market, I say go for the experience. †You're not going to get a sandwich made with any heart or soul, but you can say you did it. †If you're not in the Italian Market area, it's not worth the drive. Please keep in mind, Geno's (and most of the italian Market) is Cash Only.
6488	9	2014-08-04	Why is this place famous? †I don't understand. You wait in line forever and then you get a loaf of bread with a few low quality pieces of steak (they are strips, not chopped finer, which doesn't really matter to me.) But there's so much fat on the meat, it's like youre chewing forever. †Listen, I'm a grease girl but I couldn't even finish it. I live in philly, didnt really wanna go in the first place, but now we did it and we can return to local places with much better steaks.
6489	9	2014-08-03	I'm only 31 years old. Why does this matter? Well, it matters because in my lifetime I can't remember Geno's (or even Pat's) being that good. I think many years ago, they were both kings but they have fallen due to their statuses as tourist symbols. Tourist traps is what they are. The steaks there are cold and are only fitting for the drunken and lost who have no closer alternative.
6490	9	2014-08-03	Geno's fries are the best! But I was disappointed with the cheesesteak. The perfect meal is a Pat's cheesesteak and Geno's fries :-)
6491	9	2014-08-02	why does anybody go to this place? You can clearly find an easier way of ordering, fresher food, and a more polite staff else where. I didn't eat here (or pat's directly across the street) if i want a GOOD CHEESE STEAK...i will go to the many other place i have eaten (and review before) i'm not a tourist....i live for philly!
6492	9	2014-08-01	Great location for a Boys II Men video. You are required to speak English when ordering which is a drag. Go to Jim's on South Street. John Goodman ate there once. That's all you need to know.
6493	9	2014-08-01	Ugh... I'm so turned off by this place. I recently took my out of town family here to try a cheese steak for the first time. We wanted to try both Pat's and Geno's so we ordered one cheese steak that we all could share. I asked if they had any plastic knives that we could use to cut the sub up, they said that I had to bring the sub back up here and they would cut it for me. I asked if she could cut it in four pieces, she scoffed and said absolutely not and that she shouldn't be cutting it at all for me... wtf? I'm not sure what the hell that means. They weren't busy, so it's not like I was in their way. They also have all of this shitty propaganda up that says, "we live in America, order in English" and they call their fries, "freedom fries". Uhhh... it's been ten years since that cute little joke came on the scene... we're friends with the French again. I think they're rude and the cheese steak was just okay. Go to PAT'S!!
6494	9	2014-08-01	It was a long wait just to get a philly cheesesteak so maybe that's why I had such a high expectation, but to be honest it was not worth the wait or the hype. †The only thing that got me excited to be here was the hype, took some pictures after eating my food. †Unfortunately I hve to say that I had way better somewhere else, even the fries was just extremely salty and nothing more. † I feel bad talking about it like this, but I really don't get it. †Hey if you do like it and enjoy their philly cheesesteak good, but for some reason it just didn't do it for me.
6495	9	2014-07-30	Like everyone says...I have had better cheesesteaks but that not what going here is all about ..is it? † †I ate at Genos prob about 20 years ago and talked it up big to my family. †Have to say, it wasn't near as good as I remembered...lol! † BUT when in Philly... † My husband got Pats across the street so we could do the comparison and both were equally as "good". †I think we may have preferred the fries at Pats over Genos. † It's an American Icon tho..so you have to give it a try. †Before you go make sure of a few things: Bring cash ( they only take cash) Know what you want by the time you get through the line or get the heck outta there...ha. † The line in the street moves fast because of the first two points.
6496	9	2014-07-29	*Bring Cash** OMG! So we did the Pat's vs. Geno's challenge, and I chose Geno's! The bread is soooo much better! It's soft, buttery and lightly toasted. Plus, the cheese tastes better. I was in heaven! I will be going back in a few weeks & Geno's is definitely on my list!
6497	9	2014-07-28	This is a must stop if your visiting and looking for a place to get a authentic cheese steak in Philly. †The food was better than Pat's which is across the street. †I was really hungry so I got a sandwich from both places! †I feel like I got the real Philly cheese steak experience! †There are plenty of famous celebs and politicians on the wall with Geno. †Apparently quite a few of them stop in for a cheese steak there. †Bring Cash.
6498	9	2014-07-27	Ok I have to say my favorite place is still Tony Luke's. But TL is different. Now if you want a good cheesesteak this is a good place to start. But if you get here during certain times of the the prepare to wait a bit.
6499	9	2014-07-26	Not bad, not the best. (The best place for a cheesesteak is John's Roast Pork, btw.)
6500	9	2014-07-26	It was good. †Just not 5 star good.
6501	9	2014-07-26	Pats...eh, genos...meh go to Jim's on south st
6502	9	2014-07-26	we †loved genos steaks...were going tomorrow.
6503	9	2014-07-24	People are posting here about the rivalry between Genos and Pat's. Yelp isn't for that IMO. I like Genos. The steaks are delicious. Juicy and the cheese is actually melted. I prefer the wiz, so it makes the sandwich for me. The lines could be long. Worth it though. Last time I ended up here I had 4 cheese steaks back to back. It was at 3 in the morning. If you're planning to visit as a tourist beware. After hours, it gets sketchy. A lot of the local teens hang out and act up. Aside from that it's delicious and worth the traveling.
6504	9	2014-07-23	The steak was ok, but the slightly cooked, under-seasoned onions really kill the joy. I've had vastly better cheesesteaks in South Jersey, but I'm sure Philly has lots of good ones, too. Also, I find the "speak English" bigotry at the window to be pretty annoying. It's just not friendly and is pretty offensive to the masses of non-English-speaking tourists who come here.
6505	9	2014-07-23	It's not often you can copy and paste a review verbatim from a different restaurant but what is said about Pat's also goes fro Geno's It's really hard to fuck up a cheesesteak since it's just chip steak with cheese on a bun. That's why it's a such a great food and a staple in Philly because it's easy to make and it tastes good. You don't need to be Jose Garces to pull it off. And everything tastes good at 3am. Now Pat's doesn't fuck up their cheesesteask but they are completely mediocre and if you like you're cheese melted it's not happening here. I'd say they are the McDonald's of cheesesteaks but McDonal's is fast and cheap with the dollar menu. So if you want a medicore cheesesteak from some dude who yells at you this is your spot. But I'd suggest getting your picture taken here and then heading to John's Roast Pork or Tony Luke's.
6506	9	2014-07-22	I have to say not passing judgment but from out of state and had to try both sandwiches from Genos and Pats .I enjoyed both places for grub .Maybe on my next return ill get scoop from locals.
6507	9	2014-07-20	Went to pats for years loved em, but recently they use very little meat and it was dry at that. Needed my cheesesteak fix and went to genos. Didn't expect it to blow pats away but it did.
6508	9	2014-07-20	Went to Geno's and Pat's. Geno's got my vote. Juicy meat and better flavor. Pat's was drier and a bit less flavorful. Workers at Pat's were so rude I got really annoyed. Geno's employees were a lot nicer and patient being that I'm from out of town and don't know the lingo that well. Geno's all the way!
6509	9	2014-07-20	Thumbs down. I only came here to see what the fuss is all about. The meat is too dry and has no flavor. Glad I finally got to experience Geno's, but wouldn't recommend it.
6510	9	2014-07-20	A must stop if you are in Philly. The service at both Pat's and Geno's is pretty much †nonexistent.... But that's part of the Philly Charm! †Speak English of go home! †Order correctly or go to the end of the line! † At this point there are already well over 2000 reviews but here is my take on the Pat"s vs. Geno's battle. † Pat's fries are way better than Geno's, †but Geno's wins the Cheesesteak battle by a nose. † Geno's just seem to be juicier. † The real truth is that I have had better cheesesteaks at other locations, but you are a true foodie, you have got come to the hallow spot at least one in your life!
6511	9	2014-07-20	Hands down the greatest steak in Philadelphia, or the world for that matter. †The key is they don't cut up their meat, they keep the steak in strips and that, paired with the delicious amoroso rolls, makes it irresistible.
6512	9	2014-07-17	Brought my sister and niece to Philly for a traditional Cheesesteak. †We traveled to South Philly to get the real deal and was highly disappointed! †We have better Cheesesteak in the suburbs and will take Ray's over Geno's any day! What ever happened to diced steak and quality meat? You can't cover lousy wit whiz!
6513	9	2014-07-17	Being a Philadelphia native, Pat's and Geno's was always considered a tourist † destination, so I usually stay clear of it. However, my boyfriend is from the south (Virginia/North Carolina region) and lives in south Philly and wanted to try Geno's out (since he has tried out Pat's). It was probably the worse decision we've ever made, I had a roast pork sandwich, he had their cheesesteak and we shared a thing of cheese fries; the roast pork was bland, no flavor whatsoever (I prefer DiNic's better). My boyfriend's cheesesteak was nothing extraordinary, he thinks Pat's was better, and the fries were so salty that I think I was licking a brick of salt. All in all, I would just stick to my mom and pop stores where the cheesesteaks are cheap AND better.
6514	9	2014-07-17	Growing up in NJ, I've been hearing about Geno's steaks for years! I finally had one yesterday and I have to say I was underwhelmed. The meat has ZERO flavor, they were skimpy on the cheese, their ketchup container was empty. For $9.50 I would expect a much better sandwich. I also didn't like how you had to go down to a different window to order & pay for your drinks and fries. Also very inconvenient that they only accept cash. I had to pay an almost $3 fee at the ATM. Glad I finally got to experience Geno's, but wouldn't recommend it and won't be a retraining customer.
6515	9	2014-07-16	Not as good as Pat's. Bread was okay, but harder and did not soak up the juice. The meat wasn't as moist or flavorful either, which was disappointing. Would not go back...going across the street next time. The big lights and elaborate sign are trying to make up for the lack luster sandwich.
6516	9	2014-07-15	Before I moved to PA, I had heard about the rivalry between Geno's and Pat's. And the first few times I visited Philly, I alternated between the two, trying to figure out which is better. I'm pretty sure I was leaning towards Geno's and then I realized why. They don't chop up the meat. I prefer whole slices of meat in my cheesesteak rather than the meat being all chopped up. I try to go to Geno's every time I'm in Philly. In fact last February, I came in on a late flight, wanted to grab something quick to eat before I drove home to the Lehigh Valley, so of course I detoured right to Geno's bright neon lights. It does get VERY busy, especially on weekends around midday. I try to hit it at an off hour. Otherwise you'll wait in a long line and probably not be able to find a table. Oh, here's a tip: know what you want and have your money ready (cash only) before you get to the window. And you want a Wiz Wit.
6517	9	2014-07-13	READ THIS FIRST - RECOMMENDED FOR ANYONE TO TRY WHILE VISITING: After reading other reviews from locals and tourists alike, I figured I would add to the list. Just to be clear- I am up in Philly 2 times a month for business. I'm not a local and I find the whole "Team Geno vs. Team Pat" theater silly- so please stop. EXPERIENCE: I went with the steak and whiz. It was very busy on a Saturday afternoon so my first tip is I you are going be prepared to wait. It's a hot spot that has been touted as one of the best cheesesteak experiences in the city so people are going to come to see for themselves. The clerks and workers are somewhat rude- if they smell tourist on you and you ask questions about the menu or options, you are getting attitude. A gentleman in front of me was scolded- hurried, and embarrassed by the old woman working for asking the difference in cheese. Poor guy. FOOD : I am not going to say Pats is better or Tony Lukes is better etc, but in all honesty- it's a damn cheesesteak sandwich. Is it good? YES. Is it worth dying for? NO. Geno's was good don't get me wrong but personally I don't get the whole aura about it all. Overall, I recommend this place as a nice spot in town to get a steak and to knock it off your Philadelphia list. That's about it. Love Philly but can't get behind a place that diminishes a paying customer
6518	9	2014-07-13	Tried Geno's and Pats. I hate that they only take cash... So be prepared or you'll have to withdrawal $20 which is actually $23 after the ATM fee for a mediocre sandwich that cost $9.50. Everything about a cheesesteak counts and the only way Genos is better than Pats is they have better bread. Other than that, I'd rather have Steve's. They have GREAT Philly's. They take cards and they don't give you thin slices of meat. If you go at night there usually isn't much of wait.
6519	9	2014-07-12	I chose Geno's over Pat King's simply because I saw on their banner that they "Support the troops". Not sure how exactly they do that but it's the thought that counts I suppose. †Anyways. I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and it came up to 9.50. I got a Pepsi on the side for an additional 2 dollars. It's important to note that they only take cash. The sandwhich itself was good. I had not eaten all day and walked around 4 miles so maybe that played a role in my hunger but nonetheless it was good. The problems with the meal were the lack of table space for patrons, and the lack of a bathroom or wet naps for your hands. We all know Philly cheesesteaks are supposed to be greasy so it would be a nice idea to have a way to clean your hands after eating.
6520	9	2014-07-12	Not bad if you live in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
6521	9	2014-07-10	I am tourist from Florida. I admit this outright. I did the challenge on Monday July 7th at 3:00pm. I headed to Geno's and Boyfriend grabbed Pat's. He had only ever had pat's and I said this was unacceptable. He also didn't want to get whiz and I said we had to get whiz at both to have a comparison. He reluctantly agreed. Walking up to Geno's, it looked like a long line but that was because it was a bunch of people standing around the fries and soda line. Growing up in Orlando I have been annoyed more than once by a tourist, so I looked up the proper ordering technique and did my best to execute it properly. It seemed very appreciated because the guys were friendly. I had to ask if I was at the right window and they said I was and I rattled off "one wit whiz". They handed it to me, I said thank you.I already had my cash out. They said "here, have a pen for a souvenir". Victory! I suspect it was a reward for my effort. The soda and fry window was a cluster with tourists who didn't understand. I didn't waste my time on the fries, I was there to try the steak, but they did have birch beer on fountain which I happily got. We don't have birch beer on fountain in Tallahassee or anywhere I have been in Florida... Ok, the cheese steak sandwich: It was good and flavorful. It tasted like it was seasoned with Italian spices and I liked that it was shaved instead of chopped. Their onions weren't anything to write home about but they put a generous amount of whiz on. Their bread was outstanding. It had a great flavor that really added to the sandwich. It brought out the flavors of the beef and added its own dimension. It was what I hoped it would be. Prices are less at Geno's compared to pats. For sure on the soda which was 2 dollars at Geno's but 2.50 at Pats. I preferred Geno's to Pats in the Whiz category. See my Pat's review for the contrasts and the revelation that was provolone. **People have remarked in reviews that they didn't like the signage etc,. I didn't notice it but maybe that was because I wasn't standing in line. I didn't have any issues with service because I was kind and tried to do things properly. A lot of people on yelp seem to mark them down because the flow of their line or cash only or their signs about the right to refuse service. I say to those people "when in Rome, do as the Romans do."
6522	9	2014-07-10	Geno's is the tourist cheesesteak capital of the world, but in my personal opinion the sandwiches tend to be hit-or-miss. It's a great spot for out of towners, and I enjoy going once in a while, but I tend to enjoy other local places more. They are open 24 hours, so they're sure to still get my business. Geno's does win on having birch beer and some of the best cheese fries! And, strangely, their coffee is really good! You may not think of them as a coffee spot, but it's perfect if I happen to be walking by in the morning.
6523	9	2014-07-10	Though Geno's has far more autographed celebrity pictures on it's neon lighted walls, it does not make a good Philly cheesesteak. The meat comes in rather thick slices, is far drier...and overall, it's just not that tasty. They don't offer many cheesesteak options on their menu either - no mushrooms, no pepper. Thumbs down.
6524	9	2014-07-09	Waste of money. This cheesesteak looks like they put one slab of steakums on it. The roll is good but I'm not paying $10 to eat a roll. Seriously just walk across the street and have a real cheesesteak at pat's.
6525	9	2014-07-09	for tourists. jims is better
6526	9	2014-07-09	Amazing cheesesteaks. Friendliest people serving you!!!! If you can get over the fact that they don't offer A1 or BBQ sauce, then you're all set.
6527	9	2014-07-07	I really don't get the negative reviews I have never been disappointed upon my multiple trips, I find myself making excuses when I'm anywhere near Philly to come here (I'm from Maryland). The bread is perfect as is the Cheez wiz, peppers and onions are always cooked right, it's so simple it's perfect. As far as the speak English, this is America business, that is well within the owners rights, perks of owning your business is making your own rules, whether you agree with them or not. The same goes for the cash only thing, while it is a little outdated it saves the restaurant in service fees and saves them from the paperwork hassle of dealing with disrupted charges from drunk and stupid patrons claiming they "forgot" they ate there, it's a lot simpler and faster to operate cash only, it doesn't mean it's a "mafia" run establishment. That being said service could be a little friendlier, but this is a heavily trafficked order at the window sandwich stop not a sit down dining restaurant where you expect fine service. You get what you pay for which is an excellent sandwich, if you're looking for someone to kick your ass I suggest you visit one of the areas many chain restaurants and harass someone who lives off tips.
6528	9	2014-07-07	The bread was chewy (not in a good way) the meat and onions tasted like McDonalds. They did have HOT SAUCE which was great. But, they were RUDE. Dude had gross teeth and had an attitude. Go to, rhymes with sat and starts with a "P".
6529	9	2014-07-06	Forgettable to say the least. † Start with the staff. †I don't find it cute or amusing that they are so damn rude and wear it like a badge of honor. †Customers pay the bills at this joint last time I checked, quit treating them like 2nd class citizens. † Next, cash only. †It's 2014 and cash is dying off a little more every day, so it seems weird not to take cards at all. Next, value. †Generally when a place doesn't take cards, it's because they are making an effort to keep prices down by not having to pay merchant fees on credit cards and machines. But this place charges 9.50 for a sandwich, 2.00 for a tiny soda and 4.00 for fries, not exactly a value. Lastly, the food. †Simply bland. †The meat is scarce and lacks seasoning. †The cheese is scarce and not enough to moisten the meat. †The onions are bulky and not easy to eat. † Overall, I have to say that all the hype surrounding this place is just that, hype. †It's not justified in the least and it's not worth your time. †Try elsewhere.
6530	9	2014-07-06	It was alright, good if you're really hungry and Pat's has a long line
6531	9	2014-07-06	although the atmosphere can be fun....gristle on a bun ! †tourist trap. †Have yet to find a philly native regular here.
6532	9	2014-07-06	I actually preferred Geno's over Pat's and this is after I had eaten two sandwiches from Pat's within the last hour. I found the quality of the bread better when we ordered and that's the only thing that made me want to get another. If you're visiting and you are debating on which to try I say split a sandwich with a friend and try both.
6533	9	2014-07-05	Below average customer service. This place is wayyyyy too hyped up. Pats is better but height ones are impressive. Hell, both these places should give me back the gas money I wasted going over there.
6534	9	2014-07-03	It's been a long time since I've been to Philly or had a cheesesteak so we did the challenge - Geno's vs Pat's, and we threw in Tony Luke's. There was a line but we got through it in under 10 minutes. Geno's was the loser by far. Not even a contest. The meat was tough and there was barely any wiz. Not a lot of flavor either compared to the Pat's and Tony's. The sign near the order window that says "this is America, speak English" really turned off my friend. It's 2014, please get with the times. Cash only. And if you want to order something other than cheesesteaks, there's another window, which is odd, but whatever. The people in front of me were taking a while to order instead of snap, snap, snap, but the guys in the window were ok and didn't get all crazy annoyed so that's a plus.
6535	9	2014-07-01	I definitely did a Pat's vs Geno's challenge here and to be honest I was kind of disappointed with both. Pats is definitely far more low key than Geno's and to be honest I liked Pat's over Geno's although I find Jim's on south street to be my fav! Geno's is definitely a flashy joint. The signs and I mean having fries and calling them freedom fries kind of says it all. The service is super fast, know how to order, have your CASH (only!) up front and ready to go. As soon as you place your order is as soon as they will slap some cheese steaks down on the counter - it goes that quickly! THe cheesesteaks I found to be sloppily put together. Didn't think there was really enough meat cheese or flavor in it. All show no taste. A bit disappointing. However, I will say the staff here was a bit more friendly. †Oh and don't bother with the freedom fries they are bland and simple and not worth it. Oh yeah, order your drinks and sides down the counter at a different cashier. Weird, Yes. But it keeps the line moving.
6536	9	2014-06-30	THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE I was at Atlantic City and took the train to Philadelphia. †After walking around the city, decided to go to Geno's since I see it everytime on TV (during commercial if a sporting event in Philadelphia, Food Network, etc). †So one would assume it would be good since it's on television. This honestly was the biggest waste of money and till this day, still hate myself for eating that dump. †First off, people that work there were rude as hell (I think it's just how Philadephians are). †I ordered a cheesesteak with light cheese whiz, fries, and a drink. †Believe it was around $14.50, which is also the biggest rip off on Earth. †I can get better food at a McDonalds' than this place. †The bread was hard as a rock, fries were awful, had no flavor even though I poured about half the salt in the shaker, and on top of that, they charge you for getting another fountain drink. †The meat was fatty, even fact, my gf was tearing off the fat that was on her sandwich. †It had no flavor whatsoever and SO BAD. †I actually had to force myself to eat cuz I felt bad for throwing it away. † I wouldnt even recommend this dump to my worst enemy. †This is just a tourist trap and highly recommend NOT GOING HERE!!! †I seriously have no idea how some of these people have the courage to write a positive review for this place. †Im only giving a one star because I have to fill it out, if not, I would give a 0. † If you are brave enough and still want to go, I seriously recommend you going to a restaurant in your local city and order a cheesesteak before. †Then go to Geno's....you'll see how bad it is. †TRUST ME!!!
6537	9	2014-06-30	Mediocre...I hate to say it. †I tried out both Genos & Pats. †Both were ok. †The steak had no chewy fat which was great. †I found the meat to be too dry....also thought they could have used more cheese. I wouldn't come back again...but it was fun comparing the two legendary steak places.
6538	9	2014-06-30	Meh is right. †Don't believe the hype. †These cheesesteaks are weak at best. †Although I've had worse, I've had better at many places, including some of the food carts around town.
6539	9	2014-06-30	How do you say "Two dogfood sandwiches on floppy Sarcone's knock-off rolls, please?" in Telagu?
6540	9	2014-06-29	Go to Pat instead. †More of a real Philadelphia feel than Geno's. †The proudly displayed sign of racism left a sour taste in my mouth.
6541	9	2014-06-28	My family and I had decided to take on the Pat's vs. Geno's challenge. In my opinion, I liked the flavor of the steak and cheese better at Geno's than Pat's. However, the large sign saying "this is America, order in English" was the most ignorant thing I've ever seen in a large city such as Philadelphia. We live in America, a diverse beautiful country and we should not tolerate such distasteful humor.
6542	9	2014-06-28	Not up to my expectations. WOW was i disappointed. I thought for sure this would be better than pats. After reading multiple reviews I was convinced that I always am a fan of touristy places and although I might not be getting the best philly cheesesteak saying I came here would be worth it. My husband and I split a cheesesteak from pats and one from genos. The cheesesteak from genos was so bad i didnt even finish it and order another one from pats. Absolutely no cheez wiz, it was so watered down and goey it didnt look like there was cheese on it. The steak was tough and thick. The juice from the sandwich just made the bread soggy and messy to eat. The people were more rude at this place as well. They yelled at customers if they were going across the street they cant park here, their car will be towed. So I guess they own the street too? Im glad i parked across the street and just bought my sandwich over to pats where no one said anything to us.
6543	9	2014-06-26	I came by here around 1 am on a Thursday. No one in line at Geno's vs a huge line at Pat's. the bread at Gino's was terrible and dry. The steak was not flavorful and tasted cheap. The service was very rude. I'm never going here again! Pat's is 10X better!
6544	9	2014-06-26	How is this place even still open (0_o)?
6545	9	2014-06-26	2nd Best Friggin steak in South Philly. †Eat it.
6546	9	2014-06-26	Can get more meat at other steakhouses in the city.
6547	9	2014-06-22	Came here on the way back from Atlantic City in April. † Did the Pat's vs. Geno's challenge and it wasn't even close. †I ate 1/2 a Geno's and TWO from Pat's (all in one sitting). I would say the roll from Geno's seemed a little chewier, i.e. maybe a bit better than Pat's. †The steak was not chopped though...strange...it was like slices...and definitely not as full or as juicy as the ones from Pat's. †Same price, just less bang for the buck. †The Geno's steak I had was plain (just meat/onions and white american cheese). †Still delicious, and better than anything south of the Mason Dixon, but not as good as Pat's. †If I could give it 3.5 stars I would..
6548	9	2014-06-22	Steaks are better than pats. Fries are better at pats. Geno's has better soda. Both cash only. Both get packed but it's worth a try for sure. Get with onions and wiz.
6549	9	2014-06-21	Had a couple of visits to Geno's last winter after Ray's Birthday Bar. Needed something in my stomach after all those pitchers of beer. Had a steak with provolone on my first visit, and steak with cheese wiz on the second. Loved the first, was iffy about the second. Plenty of meat on both accounts but not as memorable as Pat's. However, I'm happy to report that the steaks were not as cardboard dry as I feared. Worth going again if I'm in the area.
6550	9	2014-06-19	Detroit native here - husband and I did the challenge between Geno's and Pats and, in my opinion, I liked the flavor better at Geno's. I thought the cheese was tastier and the onions sweeter. Overall it's a good sandwich. HOWEVER - the "this is America, speak English" propaganda EVERYWHERE is a huge turn-off for me. I don't live in Philly but I know it to be a melting pot, and it's pretty clear that with a name like GENO, you're probably from an immigrant family. It's clear that there are plenty of other places I should've tried instead.
6551	9	2014-06-19	All cheesesteaks are essentially garbage. Take a good piece of meat, slice it paper thin, overcook it, cover it in greasy onions and cheese whiz. They are glorious, like some abomination you cook up at 3 in the morning in your own kitchen. So when I'm asked what the best cheesesteak in the city is, I say Pat's, and then add, "It's only because it's NOT GENO'S and is open 24 hours a day -but only eat there if you just finished drinking in south philly and it's 2:30 in the morning, and your last cigarette is gone and things have gotten Truly Dark. Otherwise, go to Paesano's" There's nothing technically wrong with the food at Geno's - but when you buy a 'steak at Geno's you are supporting their aggressive racism. In the middle of a heavily Vietnamese/Central/South American neighborhood, you have a neon citadel of junk food covered in signs saying, "THIS IS AMERICA - PLEASE ORDER IN ENGLISH." Geno's is a long term embarrassment, a testament to Philadelphia's long, mean race relations history, as well as the interminable, slightly less mean present and future. Support a Philadelphia where brotherly love isn't just for English speakers, and give yourself diarrhea at Pat's instead of Geno's.
6552	9	2014-06-18	Geno's Cheesesteak was on the top of my list of places to go eat in Philly. I ordered the provolone cheesesteak with onion and a side cheese fries. Fries and cheesesteaks are ordered at different counters. I guess I had high expectations for this place since everyone raves about it but I didnt enjoy my cheesesteak. It tasted like something I could order from a food truck in DC. There's limited outdoor seating but most diners eat relatively quickly so there's a quick turnaround
6553	9	2014-06-18	a-OK
6554	9	2014-06-18	CHEESESTEAK WAR - Geno's vs Pat's I know nearly every food lover who wants to come to Philly has heard of Geno's Steaks and its rival across the street by the name of Pat's. I would also assume if you are a food lover, then you've seen the many challenges on the Food Network that pit them head to head against each other. Now, I might be making an even crazier assumption here, but if you are anything like me, you've been wanting to come to Philly just to do your own taste comparison. It's okay, you can admit it, you're in a safe zone here. No judgment. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ THE EXPERIENCE Geno's and Pat's are indeed literally across the street from one another, probably within 300 feet. I had no preference which I ate at first, but it happened that Pat's had an open parking space just outside their place, so we stopped there. Less than 10 minutes after splitting a steak with my two young boys, we were ordering our second steak here @ Geno's. The time was about 11:45am, so there were no crowds. If there is one thing I immediately notice it was how incredibly clean Geno's is, both inside and out. I'm talking immaculate. The exterior counters were spotless, the sidewalks and table were swept clean and inside the kitchen was like stepping into an operation room in a hospital. It was so clean that it looked almost new. This was a huge unexpected bonus for a germaphobe like me. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ THE CHEESE-STEAK COMPARISON Let me just say as plainly as I can that you probably will not be disappointed with either of these steaks. I spent hours reading through local blogs (not yelp) trying to decide who has the best cheese-steaks in the city. After all, I may not be back this way in a very long time and wanted the best experience. Pat's consistently made multiple top 10 lists while Geno's did not. I almost decided to try two other places instead, but stuck to my guns and fulfill a long standing food goal. I'm not a fan of cheese whiz, which is an understatement. I hate the stuff and wanted to go for provolone instead. But I didn't. I wanted a real Philly experience, so †I chose the whiz and the whiz won me over. I can't explain why it tastes so different and so much better on an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak, but it does. I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed the flavor was and I am now a converted believer. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ FINAL THOUGHTS These two cheese-steak Titans are worthy of a visit despite what you might read in other comparative articles on the internet. Locals may feel there are other places around town that are better, but I can say for certain I was happy with my first authentic experience being at these two long standing locations. Both have been in continuous operation since the 1930's. As an out-of-town tourist, I have to give the edge to Pat's. They seem to dice the meat more finely whereas Geno's gives you larger slices. I think that slight difference makes ALL the difference. I also liked the fries much much better @ Pat's but the bread was more to my liking @ Geno's. Decide for yourself, but my personal taste preference leans heavily towards Pat's. youtube.com/watch?v=i78BÄ¶
6555	9	2014-06-17	They're racist. End of review. Oh, and their look sucks.
6556	9	2014-06-15	Always eaten at Pats across the street. †Figured I'd give Genos a shot. †Nice steak but I've had many better. † They feature "Freedom Fries" too. †South Philly after all.
6557	9	2014-06-14	If I wanted an armpit wit cheese, I would ask for it. But you can't. You have to order in a "special" ;-) language, or else! Heavs forbid someone taint their holy earholes with a friendly "Hola, neccessito mucho queso adicional, para mi pinga!"
6558	9	2014-06-13	This place is definitely hailed as a can't-miss Philly institution, and I could clearly see that from the line this place had. The cheesesteak was good, but I thought it could be a bit cheesier. The bread was soft (good), there was lots of grease (not so good), the onions were flavorful (good). The service was a bit brusque. Just a tip: the outside is decorated with pictures of the original owner posing with Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity, signs that instruct people to order in English, and proclaiming that their fries are "freedom fries." Also a sign that lamented the amount of immigrants in America. I looked over that because I'm here for the food, not the politics. But just a comment, so no one is caught off guard for any odd reason.
6559	9	2014-06-11	My feeling about Geno's is almost as low as mine for Pat's, the other, equally as dumpy place across the street. As mentioned about Pat's I'd give it a 0 if I could, or even suggest that Geno's give me a star for taking the effort to write about the sloppy low grade sandwiches they make. Very low quality with a very high price. Not sure why anyone makes a trip here. Lots of great and quality sandwiches in Phila. Geno's is not on this list.
6560	9	2014-06-11	Come on people. It's fun. The food is alright † But most importantly it's fun and a must so Philly experience. Dirty and over priced, but worth it. †Eat one at Pats too, do both in 25 min, it's a guy challenge
6561	9	2014-06-11	Why would anyone ever want to go here? Don't waste the precious time you have left, fellow mortal.
6562	9	2014-06-09	I got the Wiz Wit. Honestly, it is a decent cheesesteak at best. But you do NEED to go to say you've been there and to compare it to Pat's across the street. If I do go back I plan on trying the freedom fries but Pat's was way better.
6563	9	2014-06-09	Just ok. Tourist trap. Nothing to return for. †Had a better Cheesesteak elsewhere. Tried both Geno's and Pat's and both fell short on taste.
6564	9	2014-06-07	I wish someone warned us that they were White Supremacists. Pretty horrible "America so speak American" signs
6565	9	2014-06-06	There is only one reason to go. It's between 2 and 6 am. You're drunk and just got out of a bar and had no luck. And you're close to the restaurant. Otherwise, stay away, you can do better.
6566	9	2014-06-05	Pat's is better. That isn't saying much, either. †Go to Geno's for the history and because you have to try it just to say you were there. †But don't be fooled - this is a tourist trap, nothing more. † Geno's makes their steaks with more of a sliced cut than Pat's chopped meat. †It really doesn't change the flavor one way or the other. †They offer a few different cheeses to top your steak with: wiz being the original go-to. A problem with Geno's is the price. †You pay ballpark prices for a mediocre sandwich. †Last time I was there it was $8.50. †That might not sound like a lot, but for what you get it's thievery. † Geno's has the nice facade and it feels cleaner than Pat's, which is more dimly lit. † I was a fan of the hot sauce they provide to top your steak with. †It's HOT. †Don't overdo it, but it's a nice (free) add-on to make it a bit different. One huge plus for them is the availability. †I don't have many late nights anymore, but when I did it was really nice to know that these places are open 24/7 (at least, I think it's 24/7 - they've never been closed when I went).
6567	9	2014-06-04	I had cheesesteak from this place before. It's my first cheesesteak I ever had. I wasn't impressed by it. I think it's okay.
6568	9	2014-06-03	Maybe it was because I haven't had a "real" Philly Cheesesteak before but I wasn't impressed. I thought it was okay and a bit different with the cheese whiz. I also had the fries and wasn't impressed with it either, plus for $4 it was expensive for something so bland.
6569	9	2014-06-03	Not worth all the hyped...over rated! No flavor on the meat (greasy and bland) not enough cheese and onions. Very disappointment!
6570	9	2014-06-02	Strictly for tourists...
6571	9	2014-06-01	Last minute late night meal. They always seem to be in a hurry for something ergo the lack of people skills. Overly hype food "tourist trap" as most Philadelphians called it. Lack of food options and customization. $9.50 for a cheese steak with just cheese and onions. The roll is chewy and the cheese is sometimes salty and greasy making it drip as you eat.
6572	9	2014-06-01	Took a spontaneous trip to Philly to do the authentic taste test. I fell into the tourist trap. Dammit. Being from New York, you go to time square you admire it, that's it. Same thing should be done to geno's ... stare at it. Got a provolone wit and felt pretty blah. Not an oz of love was put into it. Food needs love! The fries were a weird texture but ketchup fixes everything so it's okay. Don't fall into the tourist trap like I did, listen to the locals.
6573	9	2014-05-30	Good hoagies, awfully racist attitude. This place doesn't deserve the attention it gets, it's definitely not the "best" Philly Steak I've had... which is why I'm giving it two stars.
6574	9	2014-05-30	was there ysterday. great people, decent steak to bring people from out of town but i have had better. might be a chopped vs layerd thing. bread was good but a little hard for my taste. †fries were great and i love the birch beer. deff better than tony lukes
6575	9	2014-05-29	Stopped by Geno's over the weekend to check it out, not really expecting much because I suspected it's probably a tourist trap, but I was kind of hungry and in the area. So I ordered a steak with onion and provolone for the overpriced $9. Started into it and wasn't blown away, but I soon discovered I just couldn't stop eating until it was gone. Was it a gourmet sandwich? Was it a culinary masterpiece crafted by a genius chef? Was it sprinkled with crack? ..... No. But it was just so damn tasty that I don't think I picked my head up to look around once. That and an ice cold beer? Happy as a bastard!
6576	9	2014-05-28	This place sucks and so does Pat's. It's a shame that some people choose to have their first cheesesteak at one of these two places. They're really overpriced, their cheesesteak options are very limited, and they are pretty rude if you take more than 5 seconds to order. They literally move you along like an assembly line. There's a million other places to get a cheesesteak in Philly and 99% of them are better. Most places also give you more/ better quality meat and way more of a variety like chicken, different cheeses (not everybody likes cheese wiz and provolone), and endless toppings (onions, cheese, and a pepper is all you'll get at Geno's). And it's the same with their fries. In my opinion, the only difference between these two places is the bread. Worst of all, there's no inside. So finding a place to eat outside can be hit or miss. So try them if you must, but be prepared for major disappointment.
6577	9	2014-05-27	This place is nothing more than a tourist trap. For starters it's overpriced, the cheesesteak is gonna cost you 9.50 and if you want fries and a drink that's an additional 7$. Next the cheesesteak itself is terrible, no matter which cheese I get all I can taste is the bread and the onions. The steak is comparable to a piece of plastic. Lastly this has nothing to do with the food itself but I really didn't like the speak english sign. Were supposed to accept and embrace everyone for who they are not be racist discriminating jerks towards people. If your looking to go for a real Philly cheesesteak try other places in the city such as Jim's or Tony Luke's that make better steaks than these tourist attraction sellouts. In summary, bad food, overpriced, discriminating jerks and a waste of time and money
6578	9	2014-05-27	I tried Geno's once. †I didn't like it. Stop asking me if I want to review things, yelp.
6579	9	2014-05-27	Just got it up and running, have to wait to see how it goes.
6580	9	2014-05-26	This is really a tourist trap. It's okay if you've never had a cheesesteak before and just want the experience.
6581	9	2014-05-26	ok, so for those visiting Philadelphia for the first time you must try a Philly Cheese steak sandwich!! there are two across from eachother.. this one and pat's. what me and my boyfriend did is that I got a sandwich from geno's and he got his at pat's and we both shared and compared the taste.. my review for Geno's: Get the sandwich with whiz cheese, it's soo good! the fries aren't so good.. just get fries at Pat's instead lol.. but I really loved their Sandwich here.. if u are going with someone, you both should do what me and my boyfriend did and try both! its worth it!!
6582	9	2014-05-26	Pros: The bread was delicious and the sweet peppers were tasty. Cons: Not enough cheese!! The steak wasn't as plentiful as one would have hoped when they visit a renowned establishment such as Geno's. They only accept cash.
6583	9	2014-05-25	It was good but lacking cheese, the bread was perfect, meat was tender, onions was good but the cheese was lacking, when it's called a cheese steak and lacks cheese there is a problem
6584	9	2014-05-25	I was so excited to try the famous Geno's Philly Cheese steak with American and onions. Huge disappointment. I had my order ready, as warned, and the lady was rude, flung my cheesesteak over to me and moved on. The steak †was not chopped, it was one hard piece. The cheese not melted enough. American cheese was my choice and the onions RAW! Bread? I had better at a supermarket. The fame got to them and their quality deteriorated. Patsy, which I went after to try was better but not great either. A street vendor called , mama's was better than both. The fame got to their heads and the sign Geno's has posted at the order window is rude. I won't mention it here. But don't bother in my opinion. Go to the street vendors in Philly. They work hard, and produce a better food product. Geno's fame, money and neon signs, which I think effects their brains, certainly changed their attitudes and quality.
6585	9	2014-05-23	Geno's Cheese Steaks are what they are a staple in South Philly and a Dam Great Cheese Steak! Now with that being said I need a cheese stake right now! Going to Geno's
6586	9	2014-05-23	If you're the type of person who goes to New York to eat at the Hard Rock Cafe or Guy Fieri's newest restaurant, you're going to love this place (or its neighbor across the street). Otherwise, if you want a REAL Philly cheesesteak experience there are many better alternatives. It's too expensive, unsatisfying, and full of itself.
6587	9	2014-05-23	I ordered from both Pat's and Geno's steak shops for dinner. Both the food and experience was good at both shops, but I liked Pat's better. Before ordering, it is a good idea to look over the menus for options, and remember to say yes to onions!
6588	9	2014-05-20	Disapointment. †Went to Philly to take care of business and and eat at this place. †Downer. †Bread, steak, onions and peppers were soggy, dry and not crisp. Service needs improvement as well.
6589	9	2014-05-18	Geno's is not the original. Pat's, across the street is. However, Geno's is usually cleaner in the outside eating area. †Try both and compare for yourself.
6590	9	2014-05-18	Average steak and cheese.
6591	9	2014-05-16	Geno's is good, I can deal with it. †Yes, it is touristy but it's also a certain kind of authentic Philly style that I can appreciate. They also have excellent cheese fries.
6592	9	2014-05-15	The cheesesteaks here are ok.
6593	9	2014-05-12	I am a cheese snob and never eat American "cheese" let alone Whiz......however, there is one and only one exception. †I want my steak wit....and no other way. † Nice bread and a good onion balance. †The steak is ok, but all in all a good steak. † Always goes best with a birch beer. † It's a piece of America that everyone needs to take a bit of.....
6594	9	2014-05-08	Completely underwhelming. The steak was very dried out and also fatty. Without the cheese there was no flavor, just a rubbery and bland taste. The cheese whiz tasted just like cheese wiz and its only saving grace was it brought some resemblance of flavor to the sandwich. The provolone and American cheese wasn't any better. Together the cheese and steak left a feeling of dissatisfaction and perplexity at how this place remains so well known. † The worst part though was how over priced it was. For a little under $10 there was very little steak †and a lot of bread. For an additional $7 you can get fries and a drink. The fries tasted good, especially with cheese. Overall however, for spending nearly $20 for the sandwich, fries and drink, your money can be spent much better else where.
6595	9	2014-05-06	I traveled to Philly on the way back home from a weekend getaway in the poconos. †I figured what better opportunity that this to try the two rival cheesesteak spots?! I went here after being thoroughly dissapointed with the place across the street in hopes to be able to go back to NYC and not have to tell my friends that nyc makes phillies better.... they came through. Exactly what I was looking for. †Good bread, the right amount of grease, cheese wiz, peppers and onions... Yum.
6596	9	2014-05-05	I went here once a couple years ago and got a steak with cheese whiz. It came as a few thick slices of steak on a white roll as opposed to finely minced meat. I actually prefer this. The steak was very flavorful and well cooked. They don't have an extensive menu. You come here to get a genuine Philly cheese steak (a.k.a. "steak and cheese" in most other regions). You can choose between a few cheeses (provolone, american, and whiz- I think). Add fried onions if you like. Not much else. Simple and good. And there's outdoor seating. parking is horrible though. I found a spot a couple blocks away around lunchtime midweek.
6597	9	2014-05-05	This is the real deal, and was by far the best cheesesteak I've ever had! As long as you know what to expect, you can't help but give this place 5 stars.
6598	9	2014-05-05	Geno's, like Pat's across the street, is a tourist trap open and luring the misguided 24/7. This is NOT where real Philadelphians go for cheesesteaks. These places are mass production at it's worst, with improperly (not chopped) cooked meat, dripping in grease and slopped with Cheez Whiz (no, we DO NOT eat that on our cheesesteaks in Philly). Average is a compliment. But even an average cheesesteak is better than the food in many places, hence 2 stars.
6599	9	2014-05-05	i ended up ordering hot roast pork sandwich instead of a cheesesteak the pork is worthless very fatty, no flavor at all i dont think they season it right very bland but the fat really pissed me off tried asking for a replacement but they refused probably wont go back by the way my husband didnt like his cheesesteak either, says it was shit guess if your drunk at 3 in the morning this is the place to go its 24 hours
6600	9	2014-05-05	I Don't understand what the heck is in the water when people think this is a great cheese steak.. I have had much better... Steve's Prince of Steak...
6601	9	2014-05-04	Pat's cheese steak had all the cheese on top while geno 's is more distributed which I liked. Geno's gives a more consistent taste to the sandwich, not just a mouthful of meat. Service was quick although it may not be too accommodating. I wanted half the sandwich with cheese and the other without (wanted to share with someone lactose intolerant) and the guy at the window at first said they couldn't do it. Only when I asked again did he relent. Drinks are ordered at another window.
6602	9	2014-05-03	Re-confirmed, 4/2/2014 - this is not only the worst cheesesteak in Philadelphia....this is the worst cheesesteak money can buy, anywhere (like, I'm willing to bet that a better sandwich could be found in Antarctica). If there is ANYTHING good about this place, it's that it keeps other cheesesteak places a little less busy. †As for the people who do choose to eat here, I just feel sorry for them.
6603	9	2014-05-03	The service is fast paced and even though I knew what I wanted to order I felt rushed. Anyway the meat was too dried in my opinion and the bread was kinda chewy hard. I got the provolone cheese and that was not melted all the way, my idea of a cheesesteak is a sub with hot melty cheese with onions and mushroom. The bread should be warm and chewy too. This place is too hyped up, we waited in line for at least 40 mins. Next time i'm in the area, i'm going to try Pats and Tony Luke.
6604	9	2014-05-02	I understand the HUGE debate over the best cheese steak in Philly. †In my humble opinion Geno's is ok. Not the best but edible. I didn't like the fact that the sandwich was made up & rolled before I got there.
6605	9	2014-05-02	I had heard so much about Geno's but was very disappointed. Maybe it isn't that the cheesesteak wasn't good but maybe it's the fact that I don't like cheesesteaks - they're too bland for me!
6606	9	2014-04-30	Tourist place. Best steaks come from neighborhood places.
6607	9	2014-04-29	We stopped in Philly on the way to DC last may. †We only came there for steaks, the lights, pictures and police patches tipped the scales in the favor of Geno's over Pat's. I got "1 wit" that comes smothered in cheese whiz, then I had grilled onions and no mushrooms. †Fries and a drink. One of the tastiest sandwiches I've ever tasted. †A couple guys went over to Pat's but I couldn't make the trip after the sandwich and fries. I'd go again but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there from Chicago.
6608	9	2014-04-29	This is a tourist trap as far as I am concerned. Steak is tough and flavourless, bread is gummy. I would rather eat a sandwich that stayed together when I bit into it.
6609	9	2014-04-29	The huge line stretching around the block looked promising when we arrived at Geno's. We had been told to know exactly what we wanted when we got to the window or they'd 'NEXT' us. After 20 minutes we arrived at the window and were actually a little shocked at the incredibly racist stickers stuck on the window. Getting past that we ordered our steaks, then at the next window ordered some fries. The fries were greasy and flavourless. The steak was on the dry side and it was all pretty bland. We couldn't understand what the big deal was. I think if you're in Philly and want to try a cheesesteak, give it a go but don't expect anything amazing.
6610	9	2014-04-28	What a waste of time and money. I went to school in Philly and lived there for a few years but I'd never tried Geno's or Pat's steaks. To be honest, I had a feeling it was just a big tourist trap but my boyfriend was determined to try one or both on his first visit to Philly. Saying we weren't impressed would be an understatement. Service was fast, I'll give them that but everything else was just blah. The steaks were dry and full of fat. The rolls were nothing special either. In all honestly, the student center at my Alma mater serves better cheesesteaks. I don't know how this place has a such a great reputation but I was highly disappointed. I'd never go back again and if anyone asked I'd tell them to go to a little hole in the wall corner restaurant for a cheesesteak before this place. You'll get better food for a better price.
6611	9	2014-04-28	As a tourist who went to both Geno's and Pat's both, I feel the need to compared the two. Geno's has great bread, good meat, and straight kraft cheese wiz. Pat's had good bread and meat, but crafted the cheese wiz. While Pat's seemed more like a home style sandwhich, Geno's was more flavorful and I just loved the bread. So, I will have to vote for Geno's. Pat's had a lot more options and which would probably be preferable to someone staying in the area. As a side note, the lines were really long and I almost wanted to turn around, but they were surprisingly fast. The seating is cramped so take your sandwich to the bar across the street, it's looks like a car repair shop.... 4 stars are given as I did not gave enough cheese steaks from the area to call them the best.
6612	9	2014-04-27	I went to Philadelphia yesterday and i decided to try Genos and Pats to see which one was better. Genos slightly edges out Pats. I ordered a Philly cheese steak with cheese whiz and onions.In addition i ordered a side order of fries and a cherry coke.My impression of Genos is that the cheese steaks are good however it wasnt anything special. There are places in New york that make better Philly cheese steaks.When i travel to Philly again i would like to try some other places that sell Philly cheese steaks. Genos is strictly for tourists! Special note: make sure you speak english when you order lol
6613	9	2014-04-26	No. I was born and raised in Philadelphia and avoid this place. You can get authentic cheesesteaks elsewhwere.
6614	9	2014-04-26	Looks like my go-to steak place is sadly failing. †Both steak and bread were tough. †I think we'll be heading to Jim's and leave Geno's to the tourist trap industry in the future. †Better steak, better seating and better service!
6615	9	2014-04-22	Tourist-trap nonsense wrapped up in a fake rivalry. †Don't bother.
6616	9	2014-04-22	it tasted like a glorified mcdonalds cheeseburger with higher quality meat
6617	9	2014-04-20	Took out of town guests to the area for a genuine Philly cheese steak experience. †Never got past the signs in the windows of Geno's before eating at Pat's. †The "This is America. †Order in English" signs are still there. †Ick! †I understand the anti-immigrant bigotry behind the signs. †But this is Philadelphia, PA. †We should be better than Arizona. †I know that the beloved founder, Joey Vento, was famous for those signs. †I'm sure he was the son or grandson of Italian immigrants. †I asked the counter person if his ancestors stepped right off the boat in the U.S. already speaking the King's English. †She just shrugged. †I assume Vento would have approved of restaurants and stores refusing to serve his parents or grandparents before they learned English. †We should be encouraging foreign tourism in the U.S. We should be trying to make them feel welcome in Philadelphia. †This does not cast our country or city in a good light to tourists. †My wife and I are fortunate to travel throughout the world. †We bring phrase books. †But for the most part we rely on the kindness and undrstanding (and English) of natives of those foreign countries to help us order food. †Not so at Geno's. †It just makes you want to take a shower after seeing such a truly racist and ignorant sign. †There are many possible reasons that someone does not speak English. †It doesn't just mean that someone isn't trying to learn or is an "illegal alien." †How about a smile and at least trying to help instead of a nasty sign?
6618	9	2014-04-19	Geno's is a tourist attraction, not a true Philly cheesesteak joint. They are tossing meat on a roll and charging $9.50 to out of town folks looking for an "experience". The steaks are simply not good. Ride over to Tony Luke's for an authentic Philly cheesesteak. The place is less crowded and the food is so much better. The cheesesteaks are made to order, the rolls have a perfect crust. Just as I remembered when I lived here 20 years ago.
6619	9	2014-04-19	Geno's and Pat's both have their fans and critics. †Although Geno's Yelp reviews aren't as great as Pat's reviews, I found the cheesesteak at Geno's to have a slight edge due to the more generous helping of Cheez Whiz. †Geno's sandwich also seemed to have more meat. Geno's restaurant clearly had friendlier and more personable service. †The building itself is also more colorful and eye-catching as it has photos and a whole wall of police patches. When it comes to which place has the better cheesesteak, judge for yourself. †Clearly everyone has their preference and favorite.
6620	9	2014-04-19	The cheesesteak was really gross. Undercooked onions and the meat tasted very bland. †This place operates more like a factory than a cheesesteak late night place. † Nothing authentic about Genos steaks. Go to Jim's steaks.
6621	9	2014-04-18	I don't consider myself a true philadelphian...i live in nj but work/play in Philadelphia all the time. I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks over the decades!! This place is just not good. Come to Genos for the experience not the food. In fact, buy one for two people... then go to another place to compare (across the street). But then again, they both taste the same anyway... The experience of Geno's is standing in line, talking to other people in line, wonder wit or witout!??! and then ordering. Then eating the sandwich outside while people watching people. depending on what time you go, night being probably more entertaining (or dangerous). Oh i forgot, can't forget about that "selfie" picture or picture of the food itself. Gotta let people know you hit up a philly hot spot. I will say, Geno's is a landmark for philadelphia. what that place has done to, oddly enough, "enhance" that part of south philadelphia is remarkable. Its brighter at night and draws crowds and helps develop the economy....but i digress...
6622	9	2014-04-18	ass steaks
6623	9	2014-04-17	I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and onions and it was decent. They could put more meat on their sandwiches. I was left wanting more and that isn't a good thing after eating a cheesesteak in my opinion.
6624	9	2014-04-17	Pats is better, We got both and tasted side by side. Could not eat the fries, they had a really nasty after taste and were under cooked. I will say that the staff here is friendlier.
6625	9	2014-04-17	Good cheese steak and a must do for a first time or a middle of the night cheese steak.
6626	9	2014-04-16	Tried and true, this place has some friendly people. However, the cheese steak sandwich wasn't really the best. It's slightly (very) bland but the temperature and texture is just right. Worth the trip? Only if you're an enthusiast.
6627	9	2014-04-16	You've got to be kidding me.
6628	9	2014-04-16	The battle of who has the best cheese steak question... I have to say it all depends on how you like your meat! † Geno's has great quality steaks and never chopped up but sliced whole and laid onto the roll. †If you don't like big slices of meat, Geno's isn't the place for you. † My tried and true is the American whit.
6629	9	2014-04-15	so overrated, and never go after any philly sporting event because that place is full of drunks peeing in the street......there are so many places to get a better cheesesteak that won't give you diarrhea or heartburn
6630	9	2014-04-14	PLACE IS FOR TOURIST !!! Rude miserable staff only reason I was even here n not someone else is I had softball across the street .... †Not even a good cheesesteak 6-7 pieces of meat if I'm lucky 7 slabs !! Ill give u a tip cut the roll even smaller try and hide ur 7 pieces of meat that way it will at least appear as a full sandwich ...
6631	9	2014-04-13	Made the mistake of having my first philly cheesteak here. †Terrible, rude service. †And I felt like I was chewing through leather. †My brother ordered the cheesesteaks so I didn't notice the "speak english" sign until later. †I'm assuming it;s directed at the hispanic immigrants in the neighborhood? †How classy. †No thanks. †Never again.
6632	9	2014-04-11	I reviewed Pat's before Geno's for only one reason: Pat's is better. Not that Geno's is bad but it tasted like the cheesesteak was average. The only part that I like is Geno's onions. It had more flavor than Pat's. The "speak english" sign was pretty funny though.
6633	9	2014-04-11	I feel that Geno's or Pat's is a personal preference. †Geno's steaks to me has more flavor than Pat's steaks . †And for god's sake don't try to order anything other than Wiz wit / without, they don't do anything else no matter what you may have seen or heard. †It definitely is a bit touristy. †But if you're drunk at 2am and want a cheesesteak, Gino's is better than Pat's. †But there are much better places at normal hours.
6634	9	2014-04-11	Ha. Two offensive things from my ordering process to my digestive process. 1. "Speak English" sign is plastered right in the front of their window. Standing near his sign lies a man who looks almost like an Italian Immigrant sticking up for a country that taxes the living crap out of him. And sir, if you are serving "good" food, you need to understand that real Good Food does NOT discriminate. 2. I don't know if it was just my batch, but the steak was dry and incredibly chewy. Other than that, the cheesesteak was not bad! I wish they had the option of mushrooms, or had more onions on the thing; but these are just personal preferences. Despite a long (but quick) moving line, I gave Geno's a chance. Disappointed with a distaste for the racial mentality and steak, I give my crown to Philly's Cheesesteak Wit Wiz to the boys across the way.
6635	9	2014-04-11	Service was rude and arrogant, which comes with the territory, but I was hoping the cheese steak and fries would make up for it. Unfortunately I was disappointed.
6636	9	2014-04-10	The day before I went to Philly, my brother, dad and I tried to decide which legendary cheesesteak shop to visit, Pat's or Geno's? My dad had recently been to Philadelphia and he said we should go to Geno's. We rolled along with his choice and after we watched the Flyers beat the Penguins we drove over to Geno's. So, the most important thing to remember is that there is a whole system to ordering your cheesesteak. I honestly forget how it worked but I bet you 100%, most of Geno's reviews will tell you how. Anyways, the actual cheesesteak itself, was... OK. It wasn't the worst cheesesteak ever. I got the "provolone without". That means one provolone cheesesteak without onions. The bread was chewy, and the steak was good. It was also a bit greasy. Also, the neighbourhood in which Geno's is located isn't exactly nice. As we were eating our steaks in the car, some random local guy walks up to every car on the street including ours and asks us to wash our windows! I've never seen that in my life. All the houses looked sort of run down and not so nice. My advice is... If you want to see the best part of Philadelphia, go to Center City. If you want to eat a good cheesesteak, don't go to Geno's.
6637	9	2014-04-10	Horrible place, cheese whiz as an option should bring this down to a half star. Only popular because of tourist. Better steak shops in philly.
6638	9	2014-04-10	When in Philly you have to go to Geno's not only for the delicious cheese steak but also to say you have been to GENO's
6639	9	2014-04-07	Much better than Pat's! The bread was tastier and you could feel the cheese and more juicy, not like Pat's where I was eating bread and meat. Geno's guy was all smiling and very friendly while taking the order. I really liked it. I recommend Geno's over Pat's hands down.
6640	9	2014-04-06	I do not understand why this place doesn't have AT LEAST 4 stars average. We tried Max's Steaks first since it had a higher rating on YELP. They were good but lacked seasoning if you ask me. I rated them 3 stars. We headed to Geno's second and I must say...Geno's is MUCH more tasty!! I do have to say, Max's helping/serving size was much bigger, but I would choose Geno's ANYTIME over Max's! Geno's serves up a DELICIOUS cheesesteak!!!
6641	9	2014-04-05	Geno's was ok. †The best part of the cheesesteak unfortunately was the bread. †I used to live in Philly and it was pretty good back in the day (even though I used to like Pat's better). †But when I ate here 3 weeks ago, it became too touristy and the food quality went down - not enough meet or cheese. †Not sure if I'll go here again if I want to have a great cheesesteak but but I may return if I'm showing someone around philly.
6642	9	2014-04-04	Geno's steaks are really good, love their roll and the "whole steak". Bright and clean outside and staff members do not intimidate. When we do make the trip we usually have one cheese steak there and one across the street. Love the hot pepper condiment station.
6643	9	2014-04-04	Hey does anybody wants the absolute worst Dog shit steak sandwich of their life? Go to Gino's in Philly. Nothing beats a Nerf football consistency bread, with Tendons and grizzle throughout the entire sandwich. Tasteless unflavored meat by-product, with generic cellulose filled government cheese. What a god damn let down, I was going to throw this pile of shit sandwich back through the window but my Bro, and Mike wouldn't let me. Threw the crap out after 2 bites. You want a good cheese steak? go to anywhere but here. Pat's sucks too. Fuck both of them assholes for charging 10 bucks for garbage food that is inedible with 80% tendon/grizzle rubber meat. What a Scam, the're both inedible. I don't have the faintest idea who can give this place more than 1 star, It's absolutely the worst I have ever seen or tasted, Trust all the one star's they are no lying. The 5 star people must be paid to put reviews up. I could never imagine anything more worse than the scraps they serve. TERRIBLE! !! ! !! †!
6644	9	2014-04-04	Any true Philadelphian knows that if you want a good cheesesteak you DON"T go to Genos. The steaks are greasy, you're stomach will hate you within an hour of eating there and the people are rude. If you just HAVE to go to one of the two cliche cheesesteak places, go to Pats. The steaks and the people are better. BUT true Philadelphians know the best places to get a cheesesteak are the corner pizza/sandwich shops in the city. I'm a fan of the steaks from LaScala's and Brandywine Pizza on Spring Garden. And Tony Luke's in south philly is good. Outside the city...Dalessandro's Steaks in Roxborough is good. The best in the Montco suburbs are Lou's and Via Veneto's in Norristown. And Pudge's Steaks in Blue Bell.
6645	9	2014-04-04	avoid
6646	9	2014-04-03	Amazing place!
6647	9	2014-04-02	The wurst cheese steak sandwich I've ever had, Denny's makes a better cheese steak. The bread taste like its out of the microwave, very chewy. The meat had no flavor what so ever. Next time I will listen to the Yelp recommendation & not go there.
6648	9	2014-04-02	This is a tough place to review because it is a classic but over the years they have just failed to keep me as a customer. My family has been going to Geno's since i can remember and as a rule I was a Geno's man rather than Pats. When i was first going and a cheesesteak only cost $7 i could totally love that. However as the prices have gone up, the lines have gotten longer, and in my opinion the service became more brusque i cannot say that i am any longer a fan. Perhaps when i was a child and still ate cheese whiz i could be a fan of this steak, but quite frankly there is better places in the city to grab a steak, and almost always, the service at those other places is better. Geno's is no longer worth the visit and the $9.50 price tag is just no longer something i am willing to pay for what i consider a steak that has not evolved with time.
6649	9	2014-04-02	Tough steak & the best part of it was the bread. †I know it's a tourist joint but come on I was at least expecting decent food. †Not impressed. †Pat's was better. †Don't let the lights, glitz and glam fool you. †But I encourage you to play in the rivalry and do try both.
6650	9	2014-03-31	Tourist trap! Nothing special about their food. Meat portion very low for the price, small portion of cheese, so so bread, sad excuse for grilled onions.
6651	9	2014-03-31	I am not sure why people love the place, it's very mediocre. This would not make it on my top worse placed to eat if you understand what I mean.
6652	9	2014-03-31	I've eaten here a handful of times, usually only when the line at Pat's is too long. It is okay, just isn't anything special compared to the truly great steak shops in Philly. Steves, Pats, and sometimes Jims are way better than Genos in my opinion. Thousands of neon bulbs make it a tourist trap, but the locals know better
6653	9	2014-03-29	Slightly better than Pat's -- the meat is a little juicier and more flavorful. Probably the tastiest cheesesteak I've ever had, actually, but not nearly enough product for the price. I know this may be deemed irrelevant, but the whole "freedom fries" thing IS part of the core customer experience because it's right there on the menu. Anyone who buys into this jingoistic bullshit needs to open up a history book and turn to the year 1776. For those who are still waging the Pat's vs. Geno's war...do yourself a favor and go to a place far outside the city, like Delco's Original or LaSpada's. You'll get nearly the same quality and twice the value, and in a world where budgets are shrinking, value matters.
6654	9	2014-03-29	I've never eaten here and I never will because of their racist, xenophobic "speak English" sign, which the late Joey Vento admitted was directed at the Mexican immigrants who now live in the neighborhood. Wow. A "neighborhood" business insulting the diversity of the neighborhood? What a turn off. I hear their steaks are awful, too. Also, freedom fries. Really, why would you politicize cheesesteaks?! Aren't they something everyone can enjoy?
6655	9	2014-03-28	It all started something like this... Me: "Hey man, what are you up to today? †Want to go ride?" Buddy: "Yeah... I'm hungry though want to grab something to eat?" Me: "Sure, what are you feeling?" Buddy: "Cheesesteaks." Me: "Well who has good Cheesesteaks?" Buddy: "Philly." Me: "Ok? †How does that help?" Buddy" "We ride to Philly." Granted, it was a nice day out -- but the forecast was terrible. †We looked at the map and saw it was about 120 miles to Philadelphia PA from Long Island... †We looked again at the forecast. †Again at the map. † Again at the forecast. Buddy: "Okay, the storm is due in around 7PM, it's 12:30 now. †Two and a half hours there, two and a half hours back, that's six hours. †We'll even have a half hour left over to eat." I knew then and there that this was either going to be a great ride, or an epic failure -- but for now it was sunny and warm... screw it. why not?" We rode through New York city and down the Jersey Turnpike -- the monotony of the highway and the growl of the motor causing a constant mental struggle between concentration and the visions of thinly sliced ribeye, warm bread, onions, and of course melted cheese. The clouds were rolling in as we arrived in the city and parked the bikes next to the landmark Philadelphia tradition known as Geno's Steaks, and walked to the counter. †Undaunted by the light rain that started to fall, we each polished off the sandwich we had been craving. The ordering here is ridiculously fast paced -- the service (while polite and kind) was more interested in efficiency than small-talk, and you can understand why as the line only grew as the clouds rolled in. The sandwich itself, topped with american, provolone, or "whiz" was served hot and fast -- the bread still warm, and the steak tender and juicy -- but not greasy. As the sky grew darker we knew it was time to depart, but before we did we packed another two sandwiches into the saddlebags... you know... in case we got hungry again. The only drawback to the trip was the ride home -- ultimately we beat the weather (though literally by seconds). †I learned quickly that the combination of empty stomach + copious amounts of hot beef and cheese + the constant vibration of ones abdomen on a bike did not make for the most comfortable trip. †(Why that hadn't occurred to me beforehand is a mystery) That having been said, when I do go back (and I will) I'll make a point of staying a little longer for the great steaks, the great people, and to enjoy all this city has to offer.
6656	9	2014-03-26	Geno's vs Pat's is a fun American food rivalry everyone should weigh in on if you're a self-proclaimed foodie or a die hard cheese steak fan. What to expect: - Hoards of people in line, but don't worry, the line moves fast. - Know what you want. Read any signs telling you how to order before you get to the window. These guys are no-nonsense, but c'mon, it's Philly. - Cash only. - The first window is for cheese steak ordering only. Then you move to the other for fries, drinks. - If you're taste testing in spirit of the rivalry, order "Whiz, wit" (cheese steak with cheese whiz & onions) I ordered the whiz, wit. The roll was delicious and I loved the medium chopped size of the onions.
6657	9	2014-03-26	Seriously, how does this place have only 2.5 stars? †They must have been trying to pay with a credit card, or got offended with the English only sign. This place and Pats are institutions. †The attitude and neighborhood is part of the full package. You have to come here and Pats. †Buy one in both places, they are slightly different but both awesome
6658	9	2014-03-26	More of a 3.5 stars, but I'll round up! When I finally visited this place couple years back, I wasn't not amazed by it but at the same time not disappointed. The name definitely hypes it up and that's the reason why I went. I say if you are craving cheesesteaks and never been to Geno's, go.
6659	9	2014-03-25	Probably the worst cheesesteaks in Philly. Also the service here sucks, the people are so rude and unhelpful. I wouldn't eat here for free. †I wouldn't eat here if you paid me. Go to Tony Luke's Campo's, Ishkabibbles, Sonny's, or even PATS.. or any hole in the wall pizza place for better food and service than this crapfest.
6660	9	2014-03-23	A decent cheesesteak. †Better than Pat's. †But I've had better cheesesteaks.
6661	9	2014-03-23	I take a lot of out of towners here for the search of the best Philly cheesesteak! This place is alright, good meat, the fries are good. One cheesesteak about $10. The best part though is they are open 24/7!!
6662	9	2014-03-22	Whiz, Wit! Two things you can believe: †Geno's is the original Philly Cheesesteak; You could eat off the floor in their kitchen! I love Geno's. I think it's difficult to say who is the BEST. There are as many great cheesesteaks in Philly as there is pizza in NYC. But Geno's really stands out (for me) because of its history. Nostalgia should mean something. And I've been going to Geno's for over 30 years. In all that time, they have never deviated from using great ingredients and keeping a crystal clean kitchen. If you're getting a cheesesteak for the first time, or you're drunk off your ass at 3:00am, Geno's is where I would tell you to go.
6663	9	2014-03-22	Didn't really see what the big deal was. I did like the cheese wiz though go during the day to avoid long lines
6664	9	2014-03-22	Being from San Diego, having the chance to have an authentic Philly Cheesesteak is something I've always wanted to do. Well, that day finally came. Looking at the reviews my wife & I saw that Genos & Pats were right across from each other. Might as well kill two birds with one stone. We'd get a cheesesteak from each and split them in half. Seeing that Genos had an overall lower score, we tried here 1st. This cheesesteak tasted like nothing I've had before. We ordered the Whiz Without. (cheese whiz, no onions). The steak was cut in nice thin slices instead of chopped like most places I've had. Cheese whiz instead of your typical cheese. Nice toasted bun. It was amazing. Pros: Easy to find Price Taste Speedy service Cons: Cash only (ATM across the street) Parking No bathroom Outside seating You know it's good when the cons don't affect the actual products they are selling. Genos (is greater than sign) Pats
6665	9	2014-03-22	Absolute slop, always has been, always will be. Pat's and Geno's serve up some of the worst, toughest "food" in Philadelphia.
6666	9	2014-03-21	Meh.. was highly thrilled about coming all the way out here to get "a philly from philly" but this sandwich left much to be desired. The bread was tough. . Meat was bland and it wasn't hot at all... lukewarm at best... :( it wasn't "Bad" but I expected better with all the hype.
6667	9	2014-03-20	Having been here once in my life, right after I tried Pat's, it was an absolute disappointment. I live in NY, but everytime I pass by Philly I HAVE to get a cheesesteak. After trying both Pat's and Geno's it was obvious to me there was a clear cut winner AND it wasn't Geno's. Despite all the hype and fanfare, including the number of celebrities who have eaten here and the all-out bright decor, it came down to the cheesesteak. I ordered the "Cheesesteak Wit" and there were a number of reasons why it wasn't what I expected. First, the bread is not toasted well enough and a bit hard. It's pretty bland and none of the steak, cheese or juices really soak into it. This leads me to my 2nd criticism and that is the steak and cheese. There was a major lack of steak in my cheesesteak, c'mon! I felt I was ripped off a bit after spending $9.75 on one of these bad boys. How can they not at least fill up the bread with some meat, if they claim to be the best? You can't cheapen the experience for your customers when your competitor is right across the street. Third, besides a lack of steak, the steak was also bland and there just wasn't enough cheese on it. It was just a "steak" sandwich. As I said, I was really disappointed and if this is the way they have been operating for decades I really don't know how people think they have the "best" cheesesteak.
6668	9	2014-03-18	This place was a disappointment we took the train from NY to Philly just to eat here. And the bread was old and hard. The cheese not even melted. We ended up going to pats across the street and it was way Bette than Geno's.
6669	9	2014-03-17	Loved Geno's steaks! It was my first time in Philadelphia and it definitely looked more 'happening' than the place across the street! The lights are definitely a nice touch. Making the long line to order our steaks I really had no idea how to order it since I've never done that before - I listened to the other people and just went with it. You definitely have to be fast or the lady looks at you kinda rudely. Anyway- the steak was great!!!
6670	9	2014-03-15	This place did not live up to the hype. The cheesesteak was too simple. It didn't have enough cheese to accompany the steak. †There was nothing special about it that made it worth the 30 minute wait. I would not go back due to the fact that they had a sign that said "This is America, when ordering speak English" and because the cheesesteaks sucked. Being of Hispanic decent and seeing the Hispanic community right next door to this establishment, I was disgusted to see this blatant bigotry. Two clear reasons why you should not go to Geno's and choose Pat's instead.
6671	9	2014-03-14	Family of 4. None of us liked it! The Philly cheese steak at Chase Field is better! Haha
6672	9	2014-03-14	just read my review of Pat's and just swap the name out. same thing.
6673	9	2014-03-14	This place is OK. If you're not from Philly and you've never orderd a steak be prepared to be scrutinized. Wit means you want cheese wiz. American means you want American cheese. The lady who works there will give you the eye and make you feel like your'e from another planet if you don't do it correctly. I wonder if she stops to think that without tourist and out of towers, this place wouldn't be open. Even with all that, I've had much better cheesesteaks....outside of Philly. This place looks like it should be in Vegas it's lit up like a christmas tree. If you go in the winter, be prepated to freeze your buns off; it's outside seating only. Go next door to the Yogurt shop and get a coffee and eat your steak in warmth,
6674	9	2014-03-12	This is NOT where Philadelphians satisfy their cheesesteak cravings, and that is no secret. Its a weird kind of joke being played on visitors, the whole "Cheez Whiz" factor. It is NOT how a cheesesteak comes anywhere else but these gross little rat infested tourist attractions. Real cheesesteaks come with American, and they arent served by mean †spirited bullies, demanding a specific protocol when ordering. I wont advertise another establishment in this review , but if you are a tourist heading to Philly, †take this for advice: Be nice to your next server or bartender, give them a nice tip, and then ask where the LOCALS go. Tell em Mama didnt raise no fool, and your're not foolin for this Whiz business, and to point you in the direction of the †Roxboro neighborhood. They'll know what yer gettin at. Good, accurate directions will certainly depend on the manners of your above mentioned tip. †Happy trails. :)
6675	9	2014-03-11	Tried out Geno's Steaks on Wed 3/5/14 and nobody was there in the Winter so that's the only good thing. †We took the bus, I guess the tourist walk a ways or take a cab? †It's in a neighborhood far from the Historical District. We got a cheesesteak w/ Whiz & Peppers - B. paid an extra $1 for peppers, onions we got too. To me it was just ok, lots of meat chunky style, bread was ok, not enough Whiz for me. †Which they had more stuff in it like mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, more, more more. No public bathrooms that I could see.
6676	9	2014-03-10	Came all the way from Los Angeles to cross off my bucket list of eating a philly cheesesteak in philadelphia. I was actually in NY but decided to drive from NY to Philly to do this. The worst cheesesteak ive ever had! No taste at all. No seasoning. Just crappy carnival type of cheese steak. I also went to Pats too and they are better to go to but still pretty bad. No idea how this place is so famous. And it is CASH ONLY which is bullshit!
6677	9	2014-03-09	The steaks here are different than at any other place, in a good way. They lost a star for being rude and for the prices being high.
6678	9	2014-03-09	After getting out of a meeting. A buddy said genos was the best philly steak place there is in philly. we headed over to their dining facility, after standing in line for thirty minutes we finally was able to give are order. Biting into the steak was awesome and worth the wait.
6679	9	2014-03-08	Just about edible. †I live in Philly and am born and raised †and I have had a better steak sandwich in a neighborhood place which doesn't claim to be †the "best".
6680	9	2014-03-08	Worst cheesesteak I've ever had! Pat's is the same however so i can't say i favor one over the other. The disgusting steak that probably sat in grease for days was piled on top of a bun that was so extremly hard to chew and so tasteless. Plus the nasty wiz cheese on top. What did I pay $8 for?I couldn't even finish it. I threw it out because it was pointless to dil up on something that was so gross. I went down the street to south street and got a real cheese steak. I've had the best cheese steak of my life from a cart on 19th and walnut from a guy who doesn't have giant bright flashing signs all over the place. He is super friendly and always has the best quality products. He makes great sausages too. But my point is that, I have no idea what the big fuss is about Pat's and Genos. They both suck and i could care less what all those Philly die hard fans could think. Its the truth. Worst $8 I've ever spent.
6681	9	2014-03-07	One time I saw Manchester United and F.C. Barcelona play at Lincoln Financial field with my friend Lawley and his Dad. †We were all drunk, and you could tell they were getting into their old roles of son and dad. †It was like a small dog on leash barking, filled with the confidence and ignorance that comes from being a small dog on a leash.
6682	9	2014-03-07	I would say this is the lesser of the "tourist" steak attractions. †The rolls are good, soft and homebaked, but after that things are less enjoyable. †In my numerous experiences eating here, the steak is usually grizzly and tough. †I'm a whiz person myself, and even that can't mask the poor quality of the meat. The other major issue I have is that this place, for wanting to be the end-all be-all of the cheesesteak world, is not welcoming, in the least, to outsiders. †It's amazing their reputation has managed to keep them open, because their staff is rude and the "Must Speak English" signs are simply horrible in the global world we live in today.
6683	9	2014-03-07	Going to Geno's is kind of like running up the Art Museum stairs, jumping up and down like Rocky and then getting your photo taken in front of the Rocky statue. †At the end of this excursion you feel dissatisfied and left wondering "why the hell did I do that?" †There's a reason the Rocky statue is hidden off to the side of the Art Museum. †It's just not that good. †Go inside the museum. †It's amazing! †Run the eight mile loop around Kelly/West River and finish at the top of the steps soaking in the view and feeling the burn of your quads. †Watch the actual Rocky movie to see what Philly used to look like and shed a tear when he wins but don't run up the steps like a tourist because that's what you think you're supposed to do. †There are so many other places to get amazing cheesesteaks. †Don't settle for a hyped up experience.
6684	9	2014-03-07	Worst place ever!! Supper hard buns, 3 bland micro thin slices of "steak" save your $$$. The staff are like the "soup nazi" of cheese stakes. Let this be a lesson to me, and check the Yelp reviews. Others feel the same way I do. The building and sign is very cool, so our pictures did come out nice.
6685	9	2014-03-05	All I can say is- Old/ original does not equate to good eats! Skip this one...
6686	9	2014-03-04	Cheesesteaks are ok. † Cheese fries are awesome, †More about "being there" then about eating. †THe atmosphere, the pictures, the lights, the d√©cor,. †It's all cool. †But this place is for tourists. †No real Philly person actually frequents this place.
6687	9	2014-03-04	I stumble over here when Pats is too crowded, it satisfies the cheese steak craving when it is hard to stand up straight.
6688	9	2014-03-04	Geno's is much better than Pats. Meat has flavor and not chewy. The bread also makes a big difference! †Hands down Geno!!
6689	9	2014-03-04	Yummers!! 'Nuff said! †:)
6690	9	2014-03-03	Tried both Genos and Pats. †both are equally good.
6691	9	2014-03-02	The rolls and cheese fries are excellent. †The steaks are a different story. †My sandwich had more fat than meat.
6692	9	2014-03-02	We wanted the Philly experience so we checked with Yelp and other sites to see what the locals thought was the best. †They said it was Johns Roast Pork so that's where we went. Johns is listed as #1 for Cheese steak in Philly even though their signature sandwich is a pork sandwich. All I can say about that is read my review on them and walk the other way. DO NOT BELIEVE IT. OH MY GOD IT WAS HORRIBLE. DO NOT GO THERE. GOD, WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY! GROSSNESS. Anyway, we headed across town and since Genos and Pat Kings are literally 50 feet from each other we ordered a sandwich from each. IMPORTANT: CASH ONLY! At Pat Kings we ordered a steak, onion and sharp provolone sandwich. The service was Soup Nazi casual. We wanted fries, but were so intimidated by the guy that opened the window a whole 2 inches wide that we forgot to order them. The place is a little dull with fading pictures of celebrities that had been there over the years. It made us sad to see these iconic photos fading away. From Genos we ordered a steak, onion and "whiz". Their place is bright, shiny and flashy with lots of neon. †They also have pictures of famous visitors that are well taken care of and they have an impressive display of police patches from all over and a tribute to a local fallen police officer. Their service, while a little cold, was at least amusing. We heard someone ask if they had mustard and someone yelled "For What?!!!" I guess they don't think their sandwich needs condiments. They have the "When ordering speak English" signs and the freedom fries on the menu. Call it what you want, but we are in America, people, and if you speak another language its hard to get your order right, right? At Genos, it was a little inconvenient to order and pay for our sandwich at one window and then move two windows down to order and pay for our fries at another window. I dont know if the same applies for drinks. First, the fries from Genos were excellent; we loved them. The provolone sandwich from Pat Kings was a little bland and not too exciting. The "whiz" sandwich from Genos was better. My husband is, but I am not a "whiz" kind of person. I did find †the "whiz" at least brought out the flavor of the meat and was a better, less dull experience. The meat from both places was about the same. †I wish it were more of a grilled meat with some crusty edges instead of a kind of water saturated been sitting in a warmer, waiting for the crowds flavor. The bread used from both restaurants was excellent. It stands up to the juice and maintains its form. The onions......the onions on both sandwiches left a little to be desired. They both seemed to be lightly saut√©ed chopped onions. If they had been grilled rings of onion and were just slightly caramelized they would have added so much flavor. †I get it about the tried and true recipes handed down from generations before, but come on, if its better, its better. Be a little more open-minded to improvement. Our opinion: Me: Meh, the cheese steak sandwich at Tubby's in Charlottesville, VA is so much better than anything we had in Philly, but if I had to choose, it'll have to be Genos steak, onion and whiz. Dave: Johns- waterlogged in the seediest part of South Philly, we gave one of our sandwiches to a homeless guy downtown. †Pat's sandwich was good, but Geno's was a lot better with the whiz.
6693	9	2014-03-02	Surprisingly lame. They grill then hold in a steam cabinet then regrill. †That's high school cafeteria shit.
6694	9	2014-03-02	It's an average cheesesteak at best (unless you're drunk) †since geno's got into the a advertising game the quality of the meat has gone down and the price had gone up. However geno's continues to keep its kitchen spotless which can't be said for the dump across the road. I really like the wiz fries but they aren't cheap and I've had better. Recently went to Phillips Steaks at 2234 west passyunk and it completely destroyed Geno's and Pat's Geno's and Pat's will continue this bs rivalry which could end real quick. † Spend less on advertising and more on your product. † As far as I'm concerned they are both sub par!
6695	9	2014-03-01	Not my favorite food, but it's fun to take visitors
6696	9	2014-02-27	I gave Geno's †a try and have to say I was not impressed. First off the meat was very gristly on the palette, the bread was dry and tasteless with a load of cheese that I would say was like plaster going down. Look I know this is not fine dining but I was expecting more.
6697	9	2014-02-26	If I wanted shoe-leather steak, casual racism and the threat of violence, I would just go to my grandmother's house. This place is mediocre, at best. The best cheesesteak in Philly is at the Subway restaurant at Spring Garden and Broad. This is the original. Get it with American cheese and extra mustard (NICK CANNON STYLE, BAYBAY). Tell the sandwich artist he is a "buttlicker" and cry in your Honda Civic for three hours. That's the type of authenticity that someone like old Geno could never understand. That being said, I steal all of my cheese whiz from here which is why I am giving it a five star rating. I must have 9 or 10 gallon jugs of the stuff in the back of the Civ' right now. I put it on everything: eggs, toast, more cheese whiz, a court order for arrest, filet mignon, cronuts, you name it. This is the reason to come to Geno's: petty theft and the worst sushi platter you have ever had in your life.
6698	9	2014-02-24	Definitely all hype but can't understand why. †They are rude, rushed, can't be bothered to be asked any questions and the food sucks. Hard, huge, cheap rolls, very little meat, canned mushrooms and God help you if you mis-speak or don't want plastic liquid cheese! Oh and forget it if you want lettuce, tomato or mayo. Cheese fries were in a cup and drowned in the liquid cheese. No place to park or to sit inside. Yuck, never ever again. You could take a lesson in good food and manners from Sonny's, they got it going on!
6699	9	2014-02-24	Yeah, there's a rivalry with Pat's. Yeah, they have neon. Yeah, their bread is fresher. However, I think Geno's is average. With so many options in the city, Geno's is popular because that's where the tourists go. Try Chinks or Delassandros, much better experience. If you want the typical Philly cheese steak experience, go to Geno's. If you want a better steak, go somewhere else.
6700	9	2014-02-24	I really don't understand how anyone can like their Philly Cheesesteak. I guess I will avoid all food recommendation from those reviewers . Now seriosly, this was the worst cheesesteak I ever tried. No flavor whatsoever. Even the fries were bad. Not to mention they charge way to much. And what's up with the system of ordering steak on one window and fries and soda on another. Doesn't make much sense. This is my first one star review... †And the reward goes to... †Geno's steaks! †Congrats!
6701	9	2014-02-22	I put a star so my review can go up. However, it is completely unacceptable and shameful that such a "landmark" with subpar sandwiches (by the way) is still popular despite what is a blatant hateful, offensive, racist, and xenophobia sign that says he wants "his America back." Ignorance gives me indigestion.
6702	9	2014-02-22	Racist assholes. If it wasn't for tourist these bitches would be broke. I hope they get shutdown rude and obnoxious. I'm sure if these bitches were in NY shit won't be going like that with all these racist signs. Since were best known as the melting pot. I drove from Brooklyn for this shit hole I'm sure fucking eating cat food would of been better worst money I've ever spent. Fuck Gino's these fake Italians and fuck ya weak ass steak. I would've got better steak at "Home Depot".
6703	9	2014-02-22	we bought one from here and one from Pats, this cheesesteak was far superior! I liked the bread the cheese and the meat better. The meat is cutuch better and more chese is used at Genos!! overall Yum on a Bun !
6704	9	2014-02-21	A huge disappointment. What an expensive sandwich for the lack of quality and amount of steak. Both of them are not worth more than $3 each. I hang my head in shame. 3000 miles for these two bad sandwiches, Pat's and Geno's.
6705	9	2014-02-21	can't stand the people always in the street and the racist attitude of the owners
6706	9	2014-02-21	So, Pat's and Geno's have been going at it for a very long time to claim the crown of King of (Philly) Steaks. Even Food Network has done a special on this topic. To not spoil the fun, I won't disclose the outcome. So, diving right into this I can say that you have to "understand" Philly cheesesteak to "get" what Geno's is going for. The steaks are shaven, cooked with onions in large batches on a flat top surface. So they steep in their own juices and absorb the onion flavor. For those who have never had Philly cheesesteak, the prospect of topping off your sandwich with cheese wiz can be a sacrilege. Rest assured, this is how Joey Vento has made his sandwich for decades. This is the one time you may excuse yourself for indulging in pseudo-cheese. I guess the reason I'm a fan of this place is more because of its history and its unabashed patriotism. Prominently displayed on their windows is Vento proclaiming "This is America, when ordering 'speak english'." If you get turned off by his political stance, then I suppose you would have no reason to eat his sandwiches. In other words, don't expect a gourmet experience here. Instead, this is more of a spot for you to check in on Yelp just so that you can say "Hey, I've been there." Yes, it's pretty difficult to review a place that's popular not so much because of its food, but because of its history. Not sure why this place is called "Geno's" even though the founder's name is Joey Vento. Maybe Geno is short for his full name?
6707	9	2014-02-20	They show this place on the food channel so everyone goes ape shizz. It's gross. Spend your money at Tony Luke's.
6708	9	2014-02-18	Absolutely disgusting. I didn't even want to finish the cheesesteak. 'wit cheese' is all you need to say. wit = with onions, cheese = slices of cheese. 1. It smelled like pee somehow 2. It was bland. 3. Not much meat. It was just plain bad!
6709	9	2014-02-18	My first authentic Philly Cheesesteak experience was SO GOOD. We were freezing but so hungry, and we were a little shocked at first to find that the only seating that there was was the benches outside. Mind you, it was like 20 degrees and there were 2 women sitting on the bench eating like it was no big deal - I thought that was awesome. The guy at the second (fry) window was so helpful. I asked what we were supposed to do and he told me just how to order what I wanted so I didn't look like an idiot. He also directed us over to the bar across the street (The Garage) so that we could sit inside and eat our food. Each of our sandwiches were amazing. Perfect little strips of steak, cheese wiz (which I thought I was going to hate, but there's seriously no other way that you should order this sandwich), and onions. Bread was perfectly toasted and didn't get soggy right away - gotta eat it fast! I will likely try the rival place across the street (Pat's?) before I return, just for good measure. But as far as I know, if Geno's was the only PCS place to exist, I'd be in trouble if I lived in South Philly.
6710	9	2014-02-18	It was edible, but wasn't out of this world great. The moz didn't even melt and the steak was a little tough. Did go between lunch and evening crowd, so possibly got the "left overs." The store front has bling bling, and very toursy feel -which is always good for one time visit. Will I go out of my way to return? Probably not...
6711	9	2014-02-18	racist idiots, terrible food.
6712	9	2014-02-16	Genos or Pats?!? Read my review!! Everyone says when visiting Philly you have Togo to Pats and Genos we'll my husband and I couldn't decide so we picked up cheesesteaks from both and ate half of each side by side. We visited in February so we couldn't enjoy the outdoor seating which I'm sure is really cool in the warmer months. In this - Geni and Pats are dueling businesses - directly across from on another!!! Right off the bat Geno's seems more of a commercial spot, down to their packaging and branding which Geno's is definitely better than Pats. †But all in all-Genos was okay but not all we thought it was cracked up to be. †Genos steak isn't as seasoned as Pats and is kept in whole slices inside the bread. Pats is chopped up, season and saut√©ed in the onions, bringing out a way better flavor. Genos bread is also softer and so it doesn't hold up as well. Genos gave more cheese and peppers and mushrooms which at first I appreciated. As soon as we opened them both up we were happier with Genos for that reason but it turns out that it didn't help Genos in our taste test. Genos wasn't bad, which is why I gave it 3 stars but in our opinion Pats was way better!
6713	9	2014-02-16	Great steak bread was awesome but wish it had more steak inside. Also cheese is government yellow whiz. It's a philly tradition but be ready you will eat outside.
6714	9	2014-02-16	I hear the Geico gekko likes it.
6715	9	2014-02-15	Don't know why such a low review- cheesesteak was awesome the bread sealed the deal and put them ahead of pats for me.. Lost a star due to signage- We notice the racist signs as soon as we got on the premises they definitely are off putting and not necessary the establishment should remove.
6716	9	2014-02-14	Watched this on a tv network when I was still living in my native country. I didn't let it pass when I got a chance to request where I wanted to it! And It's at Geno's! Their cheese steak is simply tasty. :)
6717	9	2014-02-13	Even though theres a lot of hate on here, Genos is still my go to when it comes to cheesesteaks. If you can get past the service, outdoor seating, and take it for the unique experience it is you cant go wrong. Genos serves up my favorite steaks. I love the large chop of the meat, and when you can actually get them, the peppers are bar none the best for a steak. If youve never been, definitely check out Genos!
6718	9	2014-02-13	A bit pricey, but the steak meat used is very good quality and steaks are done very consistently. †Menu is limited, but these guys are geared to "move product". †Get your steak "whiz - with", and don't dilly-dally in line.
6719	9	2014-02-12	Geno's sucks, so does Pats - go to Steve's Prince of Steaks, or Tony Lukes
6720	9	2014-02-10	Pats or Ginos'? The great cheesesteak debate over which one is better, Gino's or Pats in South Philly has been raging for years. Ever since I first saw these two places featured, well, on just about every travel and food network I can think of, I always wanted to visit south Philadelphia to find out for myself. These places seemed to have so much character, and the cheesesteaks did look awesome. We were on the eve, literally, of opening up Jim's Bar and BBQ the following week when Ruthie said to me, "Jim, if people find out about your BBQ, you are not going to have a weekend off for a very long time. Between editing Jim Baugh Outdoors, writing the second book †"COOKED" and running a Bar and BBQ six days a week, this might be a good time to get out of town for the weekend. Could be our last chance for a very long time." We arrived at Pats at around five o clock. I was at first surprised to see how close Pats and Gino's was. They almost mirror each other, each one just across the street from each other. We stood where Sylvester Stallone stood in the movie Rocky and began to figure out how to order our first cheese steak. We had been warned.... that you better have you order ready when you get to the window, or it could be trouble. Ruthie and I had a plan, we would order the same basic sandwich from each place, and spit each one and decided for ourselves which was better. As we found out, there is no looser here. Both where fantastic, however there was some clear differences, that may just end up being up to personal preference. In other words, do you like your onions seen??? Or so small they blend into the sandwich and not even notice they are there. That sort of thing, both are good, just which one would someone prefer. We ordered Pats first and Ruth almost bit my hand off, she was downing that thing fast, I could not get near it. It did look and taste fantastic. We ordered the standard, wiz, wit. Meaning Cheese With and onions. This Cheesesteak was really good. The meat seemed to be both chopped and also sliced. We gave it a 10, thought it was great, and also loved the way Pats had a bin of all fresh peppers. You could really make one awesome sandwich here, however we wanted to keep it simple for comparison, just the basics. Next, we happily walk across the street to Gino's. All the celeb pictures pasted all over the place was really fun. Once again we ordered without any problems, found a seat, and dug in. We both thought right from the start at Gino's, there was a marked difference between the two cheese steaks. Gino's sub roll was better. It was softer, hotter, and had more flavor. I do know a little something about bread baking, and even have two sourdough starters in my fridge. Gino's sub roll was better for sure. Next, the meat. Gino's was better, seemed to have more flavor. It was all sliced cuts of meat, and this may have been the difference. Next, the onions, WAY better at Gino's. They were cooked perfect, tender, and you could actually bite into one. VERY good. As far as the cheese wiz, no secret there, both Pats and Gino's offer the "Wiz" and for this sandwich I highly recommend doing the wiz. So, for Ruthie and I, we voted hands down Gino's for the best Philly cheese steak. No doubt both are fantastic. If you go, do what we did. Go to one, and then the other, everybody join in and decide for yourself which one you like best. If you ever go near Philadelphia, don't miss going to Pats and Gino's. These places are legendary and it is quite a treat to go there and experience there ambiance, and of course, world class Philly cheesesteaks. While we were happy to give Gino's our number one spot in our little taste tester, we of course were sad and of course disappointed to hear that Joey Vento passed away only two weeks prior to our trip. We had really looked forward to meeting him and am sure he will be truly missed by his legions of fans worldwide. RIP Joey Vento.
6721	9	2014-02-08	In a word - WOOF. If you want to do the tourist thing - this is the cheesesteak for you. It's got wayyy too much gristle on it and it looks like Las Vegas. Plus, they don't even chop their steak correctly. Out of this hole or Pat's- I would go with Pat's. These are just underwhelming and not good at all. I assume their fame came from the giant lights and the rivalry with Pat's, but I don't like it here AT ALL. I also don't like their stance on the whole son of Italian immigrants posting a "Speak English" sign. Bottom Line: Go to John's Roast Pork
6722	9	2014-02-07	A little overrated. I don't think I will be back. The meat didn't have much flavor and the cheese whiz was messy. The freedom fries were soggy. And it was almost $20 for just 2 sandwiches. Then I paid another $6 for a drink and fries. I feel like I could find a better †cheesesteak place or a more reasonable price.
6723	9	2014-02-06	While I believe most Philadelphia residents are over the whole Pat's VS Geno's thing, and know very well that they can find similar (or better) cheesesteaks elsewhere, I still have to admit that Geno's (despite their politics) is the better of the two at this particular intersection.
6724	9	2014-02-06	i came in from NY and had to stop by Geno's. Putting aside the rude people, the cheesteeak was delicious. i still need to try pat's, but this place was incredible. here's what i got: Cheesteak American Cheese Onions Hot Peppers Side of Cheese Fries It hit the spot. I'll definitely return!
6725	9	2014-02-05	Yuck. This place was so full of racist and ethnically hostile political signs against immigrants that I couldn't even bring myself to buy a cheesesteak from them, but I have tasted their steaks. †They're not very goodl. †I'm never going back to the place... When I first moved to Philly 5 years ago, a few friends from NYC visited and wanted to try Pat's and Geno's. †They're across the street from each other. †They seem like mostly tourist places. †At that point, I had never tried either. †Most of my friends ordered steaks at Geno's first, because it's the first place we encountered on our walk there. †So, I waited in line with my friends (prepared to order my own), but was shocked by all the extremely prejudiced and ethnically/racially hostile signs all over the place. †Seriously, I'm embarrassed this is a celebrated Philadelphia "establishment," we should all be embarrassed about that type of "in your face" prejudice. †The people working behind the counter also seemed rude, so I went across the street to Pat's and picked up a cheesesteak. † On the upside, Pat's wasn't full of offensive signs. †But both steaks were comparable, and not that great. Now I know that Jim's on South St. and Steve's Prince of Steaks in NorthEast Philly are the best classic cheese steaks in Philly. †If you want a good cheesesteak, try Jim's or Steve's: They're much better (delicious) cheesesteaks. †Plus, you won't be supporting that kind of blatant prejudice!
6726	9	2014-02-05	Just dont. Why short change yourself into getting two small pieces of unseasoned, frozen meat when you can go across the street and get a cheesesteak with ACTUAL steak in it. † Say no to Geno.
6727	9	2014-02-05	Please, this is just another tourist place. There are MANY MANY other steak shops in the area that are much better. Visitors always want to come to this place and they don't realize what they are missing by going to a different place...and not across the street to Pat's.
6728	9	2014-02-04	In addition to the steaks being mediocre at best, the people were extremely rude. †I will not come here again.
6729	9	2014-02-03	...like across the street at Pat's. :)
6730	9	2014-02-03	Geno's steaks is a typical tourist attraction. As for their steaks, they are alright, yet a little over priced. I would pass on the fries though, they are horrible. Customer service isn't the best either. But at the end of the day the steaks are still good.
6731	9	2014-02-01	I haven't been there in a few years, but last time I was there it was good. †Could have used a little more meat on the roll, and a few less GD tourists at the window. †Kind of pricy, but the ingredients are good.
6732	9	2014-01-29	I'd been told to come here by so people that I made the cardinal sin of not checking Yelp first. My bad. My sandwich was awful. In fact, I'd had a tastier, cheaper, and healthier Philly cheesesteak at Charlie's in the Columbus airport before coming here. Z.
6733	9	2014-01-29	I liked the cheesesteak and service here better than the place across the street. The people here are NOT annoyingly rude. The place is cleaner and overall, I had a better experience here. Their cheesesteak has juicy beef SLICES, whiz on the bottom of the beef and their cheesesteak is bigger than the one from Pat's across the street. They have cherry soda and freedom fries. Open 24/7. I guess the original owner, Vento was a DB but I would be too if I had a view of the DB's at Pat's everyday I come to work. If you really want good Philly cheesesteaks, stay away from this street and go somewhere else. If you want history but not good food, then by all means come here and Pat's.
6734	9	2014-01-27	I only go to Pats King of Steaks, go ahead do a blind taste test, there is no comparison!!
6735	9	2014-01-26	With as much hype as this place it couldn't have been more of a letdown. Pat's is better, Tony Luke's is ions better. Geno's seemed like a spot staying in business from one-time customers who follow the hype, give it a try and then never return. The flavor/bread fell far short of what we all expected.
5128	9	2014-01-24	This tourist trap has a sign that says " Order Only In English". The Late owner, Tony Vento, was a fan of inflammatory conservative vocal-vomit. He was a darling of the †'Merica idiots that think waiting in line for 30 minutes for a tasteless cheesesteak is authentic. You'd think someone with the †surname Vento, which wreaks of steerage, would be more sensitive to our countries long history of immigration. But whatever, I digress. Three Things: 1. Getting a cheesesteak from the corner bodega when you are staring at a double shift at your soulless wage job, working for the self-satisfied Tony Ventos of the World is authentic. 2. Scarfing down a cheese steak made from steakums your mom bought on sale from the Acme is authentic. 3. Getting a cheese steak for 4 bucks from a food cart during your too short lunch break from a guy 'Merica idiots think is taking are jobs is authentic. Paying over $7 in line with people from places I've never wanted to visit who put cheezewiz on their steak is Not AUTHENTIC. I grew up in South Philly and have only been here once. Rude subhumans serve the food and Rude subhumans wait in line. I'm ashamed to have gone here.
6736	9	2014-01-23	A must-go due to the tradition and atmosphere but definitely a mid-tier cheesesteak. †Cost is higher for less meat. †Pat's is way better and of course Jim's is the best.
6737	9	2014-01-22	The only thing I liked about Geno's was the pretzel bun, aside from that, I thought it was ordinary. I didn't like the cut of the meat and the signs were a bit tacky, asking for too much attention to win over customers. I did not like their English-only ordering policy. It really is unnecessary and a complete turn off. It left a bad impression of Philly for me.
6738	9	2014-01-21	Hype and all flash...no substance...over priced...got bad stomach pains...tourist crap. †Hey tourists there are way better places than Pat's or Geno's. †They have gotten sloppy.
6739	9	2014-01-21	What a disappointment. After hearing and seeing all the hype about this place, I specifically drove two hours to see what all the hype was about. The meat was dry and there was more onions than meat in the sandwich. I've honestly tasted better steak and cheese here in DC! Luckily we tried 2 other steak joints that were a little better so my trip to †Philly wasn't a total waste.
6740	9	2014-01-20	WHAT? Why does this not have higher ratings? Sure Pats has awesome cheesesteaks but I like the way the onions are cooked here and the way they cut their meat. It was easier for me to chew and they add more onions! The cheese wiz tastes great as I expected and the staff is friendly and prompt. Who knew a cheesesteak could be better than sex. I'm kidding. But who wouldn't want both?
6741	9	2014-01-20	More of a tourist attraction than a trusted local spot. †The steaks are greasy and fatty and make me want to gag.
6742	9	2014-01-19	Over price and over rated. Customer service is not the same as 15 years ago. †An employee at geno told me to get a cup from pats since I was holding a pats bag. †My friend and I eat from both places and never pats ever blew me off... I think they forgot where they came from.
6743	9	2014-01-17	It's a cool place to bring a friend who has never been to the city but the quality of the food is pretty bad. †Its's a nice tourist spot and I only go when friends are in town. There are so many better places in Philly They do at great job at keeping the line moving
6744	9	2014-01-17	You gotta try both of 'em once.
6745	9	2014-01-17	Why? I mean I can now say I've gotten an actually philly cheesesteak and it's just sadly disappointing. With wiz or without whatever it's really just kind of sad. Particularly for when it's almost 10 bucks and parking is a bitch. I ended up going somewhere else to eat another cheesesteak (not Pat's) in the same night, just to get the taste out of my mouth basically.
6746	9	2014-01-15	Slop on a bun. Tourist trap. Genos nd Pats are a disgrace to philly. If you want stakeums with kraft singles, go here. If you want a real cheesesteak, go to the million other places in the city. If you're lucky, many owner Geno will be there and give you a nice racist rant about Illegal immigrants. If you're not from here, AVOID AVOID AVOID.
6747	9	2014-01-14	both pats and genos would get 5 stars if all of their products were knocked down about 3$ a piece.
6748	9	2014-01-13	In war of Pats vs Geno, I choose Geno's. I know that a lot of my Philly peeps are gonna kick me but sorry I like Geno's. The cut of the beef is better at Pats but it's not much different when you are wolfing down a cheesesteak. But the pure difference for me is the taste. Geno's just taste better! My "Whiz wit 'rooms" is just juicy and filled with yummy goodness. It makes u lick up your fingers after you are done. My recommendation is go buy both and do your taste test. I do it everytime I come to Philly and I always pick geno's!
6749	9	2014-01-12	It was our first visit to Philly so we just had to do the cheesesteak thing. †Since every local will tell you a different spot for their favorite place we said to ourselves, "Hey, why not try all of them!" †So we had 4 cheesesteaks in a span of 2 days. Felt like shat afterwards, needless to say. Here's my review of Geno's below along with three other famous spots (all wiz wit since we didn't like the provolone): Geno's: The ordering process was pretty quick. †Meat was most flavorful according to others in our group. My only complaint but a major one would be the bread. †It was pretty chewy. That pretty much ruined the sandwich experience there for me. Pat's: Right down the street from Geno's, we actually ordered the Provolone here but wished I would've tried the wiz. †The bread here was much better and meat to onion to bread ratio was perfect. Tony Luke's: The wait here was longer than Pat's and Geno's but worth it. †You get free pickles and sweet peppers here which is pretty cool. †My only complaint is that they don't put in enough onions or else it could have been more flavorful. Jim's: This place seems to be growing in popularity quickly and I think might be newer out of the four spots. †The line was pretty long but you do get to see how they make the sandwiches right through the glass pane in front. †It was unorganized when I was there, they forgot to give me my order of sweet peppers and over charged me a sandwich while one guy was throwing me attitude on top of it. †The sandwich seemed to be lacking in flavor though. †I know this sounds terrible but it was lacking that old school grease! LOL †Also, check out their upstairs dining area where you can find autographed photos of celebs that have dined there (who is DeMzel Washington?? haha). Here's my overall rating starting with the best: 1) Pat's 2) Tony Luke's 3) Jim's 4) Geno's There will never be one clear winner for the cheesesteak king title since there are so many differing opinions out there but it's still fun tasting them all to figure out for yourself! Then go run a few miles afterwards.
6750	9	2014-01-11	Their cheesesteaks are SO delicious. So are Pat's. And they are both rude & snotty as hell. Why can't you just be nice to people? Some of us are not from Philly and did not study your ordering lingo. Get over yourselves.
6751	9	2014-01-09	NOt much to the sandwich and a lot of grissle in the meat
6752	9	2014-01-09	oh hell yes.
6753	9	2014-01-08	Lets do it! Given all the hype, and that †Geno's is in competition with their neighboring Pat's , well, I expected more. †Neither blew the other away, and yes, I had both within an hour of the other. †It was great to play the "judging game", but in the end neither was out of this world. I was a little sad. Y es, this is the same comment I left for Pat's. †Make sense?
6754	9	2014-01-07	Stopped in while on Vacation. Parking is rough. †If you cant parallel park your screwed. † †Not a ton of places to sit but just meet some new friends. Sandwiches are amazing and totally worth the trip!!
6755	9	2014-01-07	Always Love Geno's steaks!!!! Definatly go there. careful the hot sauce, its HOT and i like spicy.
6756	9	2014-01-06	Good
6757	9	2014-01-05	After driving in PA for an hour, desperately hungry, we swerved off I-95 on the hunt for something to fill our appetites. After driving around in some questionable areas of Philly, we came upon this beacon of light in the freezing rain. We wondered out loud... Isn't this that famous place? All I wanted was warm cheesy goodness but I got tasteless meat with a spritz of cheese between a semi-fresh roll. Maybe the onions we left out are the secret ingredient, but I was appalled at the low quality of meat and low quantity of cheese at one of the most famous places in Philly! This couldn't hold a candle to even the cheesesteaks at Rutgers dining hall.. and that's pretty bad.
6758	9	2014-01-05	Best cheesesteak in the world, Great owner, god bless him. Just order and taste for yourself. Enough said.
6759	9	2014-01-04	Ordered 1 wiz wid, and 1 wiz widout. The guy at the counter gave me an attitude throughout this whole process. I got my money ready, I placed my order, basically one with wiz and onions and one without the onions for my pal who can't have onions at this time due to recent abdominal surgery. I don't know the details of his operation but doctors told him to stay away from onions and other foods. I think it's because of the acidity or something. I don't know, don't care and I'm not a doctor. With that said, the guy at the counter from Geno's kept busting our chops and mocking us about how you can't have a philly cheesesteak without the onions. He kept going on and on, his mouth didn't stop just like the owner Joey Vento. So I let this jerk finish up our sandwiches, I paid for it and handed him back the cheesesteaks he made and walked away from the window. Verdict - Fuggedaboutit! Where I come from, we don't take shit from nobody! We're American born too but these guys at Geno's tend to discriminate against foreigners and people who they think are foreigners but are not. We're the ones traveling the distance and paying for their product. Show your customers some respect if you want our cold hard cash! Without us, you wouldn't have any dough to pay for your tacky light displays.
6760	9	2014-01-03	Been a guest of Shore Cycle Club several times on their rides and a member for a few years until that four letter word called WORK intervened with monthly 12 hour rotating shifts and days. Boy, is that FUN ! † † Speaking of outdoor pursuits that are highly worthwhile in South Jersey, check out the Shore Cycle Clubs website shorecycleclub.org and consider joining this organization. Rides leave Tuckahoe Bike Shop on Sundays . Also rides out of Port Republic and other locales. Sponsored rides with SAG support are the Pinelands Century in May and the Belleplain century in the fall with maps, sag and FOOD. Not that I need more. † † † Seminars were very popular with nutrition, Hydration, fitness level, † and other topics discussed. I am sure they have also had bike clinics to maintain your bike and simple fixes to get your machine on the road. † † † † †Major events are the July member picnic and December Christmas party. As soon as I retire on March 1 st. 2015, I am joining - let's see 14 months of rotating days and nights... we should have joined the union... oh, we are in the union, oops, there's goes my seniority....
6761	9	2014-01-03	Solid thin slices of steak, something different than most other cheesesteak places. But both Pat's and Geno's jack up their prices, and skimp out and give you less and less. The fries and cheesiness of Pat's is definitely better, but I if I was craving a cheesesteak or wanted to show someone new to Philly what they are all about ... I would go to Jim's on south street. When the right guy is behind the grill, those are usually what hit the spot for me.
6762	9	2014-01-02	Pats Kings of steaks always - plus they speak spanish, italian and french
6763	9	2014-01-02	Pat's and Geno's have good steaks, both owners do a lot for the city, and they are nationally known... If you only have a few days in Philly, try both places.... If you live around the area, there are better options. Same review I gave to Pats
6764	9	2014-01-02	Pros: Cheese steaks are better here than at Pat's, which is located across the street. Cons: Whiz cheese is default so ask for American or Provolone cheeses for a healthier option. No indoor seating options, but the Satellite Garage Bar across the street offers indoor seating and bring your own cheese steak with purchase of a drink. Long lines, but the wait isn't terrible. Good service is not needed due to the popularity of this place. Cash only.
6765	9	2014-01-02	Having once lived in the neighborhood, one comes to hear stories and realizes how disgustingly racist this establishment is. Their steaks are no good and neither are their ethics. If you're looking for an authentic Philly steak, try elsewhere.
6766	9	2014-01-02	Love this place
6767	9	2014-01-01	We drove down to Philly and tried both Pat's and Geno's. † Pat's service is no good. †Geno's is better. Pat's steak is OK, but Geno's is softer. Topping ... †well Pat's has more choices and I do like Pat's toppings more than Geno's. So Pat's verse Geno's? †Each is not super good. †:(
6768	9	2014-01-01	Yep, great place, classic, what you can come to expect from a solid Philadelphia cheese steak joint
6769	9	2014-01-01	Prefer it to Pat's...can't say why.
6770	9	2014-01-01	Genos over pats everyday all day.....but Steve's prince of steaks in the northeast is still the best
6771	9	2013-12-31	Geno's bread is way better than Pat's. That's probably why I'd give them a slight nod. Having said that, there's way better places in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak than either Pat's or Geno's. Definitely go and sample both if you haven't ever been, get the history out of the way, then go to some of the other spots that are way better (Tony Luke's or Dalesandro's to name a couple)
6772	9	2013-12-31	Small, over-priced cheese steak. The staff is incredibly rude. I mean maybe this is their schtick but I will not go there again. BTW, clean up your trash.
6773	9	2013-12-30	Think of a place that was prob once really good, got alot of attention and hype, then became complacent. This is that place. I heard about this place from a friend who said it was deeliiiiicious. And going there, I saw the hype of the place but it didnt match up to its food. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak, everything on it with American cheese. I got a sandwich with cold steak, barely any provolone cheese and way too many onions. † I was with a party of five, three of which did get provolone and two american. but i guess that was too much for them to handle and just decided to give us all provolone. We would've gone back for them to change it but the line was too long And we had already gotten into our car. The only reason they got a second star was because the bread was pretty good. All in all, don't believe the hype.
6774	9	2013-12-30	Now that I've been here, I don't need to waste time here on future Philly trips. The best thing about the cheesesteak here was the bread... It was better than Pat's. But the meat and cheese we're not very appetizing. Didn't try the fries so they might be good, but I don't think I'll be back.
6775	9	2013-12-30	Just not a good cheesesteak. †If you're there, you have to go with Pats. †The overall arrogance of the employees and of the buildings appearance itself is enough of a turnoff. †Take the challenge yourself. †Bring a friend, get a Geno's, get a Pats, split them, and you decide.
6776	9	2013-12-29	Their bread was soggy but the meat on point delicious better than pats king of steaks †did a taste check with celina and Steve between geno and pats king of steaks and geno takes my vote!
6777	9	2013-12-27	Geno's is a staple of the community. Throughout all the controversy surrounding this place, Joey Vento, stood his ground and always gave back to the community. The man had an impeccable work ethic and ran an efficient business. It is sad to no longer see him and his smiling face as he greeted customers. The cheesesteak is a staple of Philadelphia. While the sandwich is not the best in the city its the best in neighborhood and I respect the passion of the employees and the business. The service is always friendly and high paced. I've never had a bad experience. Its great at 7am when they are cooking onions and that smell just lofts through the area. Nothing like a cheesesteak for breakfast.
6778	9	2013-12-27	Another tourist trap. Much better steaks in Philly than Geno's or the competing Pat's.
6779	9	2013-12-26	I'm really handsome. Also, this place is highly...traditional, provided you are of the opinion that it is traditionally American to be rude, impatient, and resistant to change. The cheese-steak itself was really nothing outstanding, particularly in light of two things: 1. I was heavily intoxicated when I tried this place, and still was not impressed. Almost any food impresses me while drunk, even the offerings of the honorable Chef Boyardee. 2. I'm convinced that the average person could make more appealing cheese steaks in the comfort of their own homes. This also provides the advantage of avoiding the staff. Although the steak itself was not outstanding, I will admit that the overall dingy and filthy appearance and vibe of this place both made quite an impression. The hot sauce was fairly powerful, as well. Geno's is a fine counter-argument to anyone of the opinion that you must have the.."Experience" anywhere.
6780	9	2013-12-26	Whenever I'm in town it's one of the spots I have to go. Good steaks, good prices and you gotta love being in S. Philly. Lifelong fan!
6781	9	2013-12-26	I went to both Pat's & Geno's based on their reputation. I also saw a show on the travel channel about these 2 places & figured I would give them a chance. My girlfriend & I split 1 Philly from each place so we could try them both. Neither place was good. Both places meat lacked flavor & the breads were soggy. According to several locals, there are much better places to get Phillys in Philly. ** I think Publix in Tampa, FL makes a better Philly than both of these places.
6782	9	2013-12-25	For my first blog, I was in Philadelphia for New Years Eve so I went to my favorite cheesesteak place, Geno's. †While many debate the best cheesesteaks in Philly, my personal perference is the ultra-American Geno's. One thing that I love about Geno's is the hours of operation. †Given that I went on New Years Eve, one might expect Geno's to be closed, especially given the fact that the cross-street rival Pat's was not serving. †Instead, the hardworking Geno's staff is open 24/7/365, ensuring that I can always get my favorite cheesesteak and that the neighborhood is always aglow thanks to the massive neon signs adorning the outside of this landmark spot. Although the lines tend to differ depending on when you go, we hit a peak time and the line wrapped partway around the block. †However, the system of serving up the cheesesteaks helps the line move along at a rapid pace so it only took us about 25 minutes to get to the window. Upon arriving at the window, you notice the bumper stickers they have posted illustrating their support for police, ordering in English, and contempt for anything un-American. †The †establishment is cash only and they prefer you to order a specific way, stating simply the type of cheese first and then "wit" or "witout" onions. †Thats it. †Don't bother asking for mushrooms, lettuce, or any other silly condiments on a true Philly cheesesteak. †You can, however, add a few limited condiments yourself after getting your food. †The service is not exceptionally welcoming, but the setup is built to get the customer their food promptly so that is not a major detractor. †Geno's is also a cash-only place, so don't expect to come with just a credit card in hand. The variety on the menu is limited to cheesesteaks and roast pork sandwiches with fries, cheese fries and sodas available at a separate window, but come on, when your going to Geno's, everyone is getting a cheesesteak. †The prices are not cheap, with a cheesesteak costing $8.50 and a cup of cheese fries putting you back $4.50. † I ordered a cup of cheese fries to eat while waiting in line. †Given our hunger and the thick coating of cheese, we downed these in no time. †I cannot tell for sure if it was my hunger and anticipation but I felt that the fries were great. †We then went on to order our cheesesteaks, her getting a Whiz With, while I ordered a Whiz Without. †One thing I love about Geno's Steaks is the fact that they offer whiz, a cheese that too few restaurants offer outside of Philly. †The cheese was nice and gooey like whiz should be and though it could have stood to be a little heavier on the cheese, the mixture of cheese, bread, and meat really worked. Although I do not usually like grilled onions, Geno's makes it work well on the cheesesteak. †The onions were placed on the grill but hardly grilled giving them a nice crunch that worked well on the cheesesteak. †The meat was well prepared using nice, thinly sliced ribeye pieces (not chopped up though) with a little bit of fat on it to give it some juice and flavor. † † The bread was the biggest difference between a Philly cheesesteak and a cheesesteak from elsewhere. †Delivered from up the street, the amoroso rolls they use do not overpower the sandwich by being too thick but instead offer a soft roll that is at the same time firm enough to handle the cheesesteak. †The sandwich really comes together with a perfect blend of meat, cheese, and a terrific bread roll. †Everyone has their favorite cheesesteak place, but mine is definitely Geno's topping its cross-street rival Pat's King of Steaks. †That being said, look for blog reports on some of the other well known Philly cheesesteak joints in the future. Ratings: Meat: 7.5 Bread: 10 Cheese: 9 Cost: 6 Overall Combination: 10
6783	9	2013-12-24	I would give them 0 stars if possible!! This place was no good at all... Meat was dry with no flavor. They were so rude and racist... Can't order if you don't speak English!!! This would not fly in LA and quite frankly I wish they would come to LA and see what customer service is all about. They need lessons and take customer service 101. No sense if urgency. Bread is hard and difficult to chew with dry meat, dry customer service!!! STAY AWAY!!
6784	9	2013-12-24	I did the steak challenge with my boyfriend. †He got a steak from Geno's and I got one from Pat's and we split them and then compared. †Pat's won. †Geno's was fine and the difference between Pat's was not that significant but with Pat's right there there is no reason to go to Geno's. †The steak was not as flavorful or as juicy. †i think more people from out of town are attracted to Geno's because of all of the marketing bling they have but if you want a better tasting steak go to Pat's.
6785	9	2013-12-23	This place is terrible!! The meat was dry and cutt to thick with no flavor. To top it off they are racist and horrible service-not friendly at all. When we got to the window, there was a sign saying if you don't speak English you can't order.. a little racists.its all good I will never go to this place again and anybody that ask, I will tell them not to go as well.. I'm also going to contact the food networks that advertised this sh!T HOLE and ask them to remove these Jack's.. the food was terrible and the attitudes were as dry as their cheese steaks.
6786	9	2013-12-23	I have only had Geno's once. And it was during the Great Steak Off of 2011. What? You don't know about the Great Steak Off? Well, the Great Steak Off was that time I thought it would be brilliant to go to the most popular steak spots in Philly and try all of the variety of steaks (prov, whiz, onions, no onions, peppers, you name it), at once, while washing them all down with a vintage bottle of Perrier Jou√´t champagne. Ahem. Well, Geno's was my least favorite. The prov was not prov-y enough. † The bread got too soggy and the meat was cut too large. But the champagne was fabulous. So there's that.
6787	9	2013-12-22	Just wrote the same review for Pats, so Genos gets the same, because it's equally as bad... ----- Alright, since no one else will say it, I will: This is the worst cheesesteak anywhere in the world. †It skimpy, over priced and barely edible (on a good night). Pats and Genos compete with each other...Yeah, they certainly do.....to see who can charge the most for disgusting inedible food! It's embarassing that our famous (and yummy) chesesteak is so closely related with this place! PR at it's very best. That is all....
6788	9	2013-12-20	I am in Philadelphia and the philly steaks in CA are much better than this. BOOOOOOOO. It's really gross and disgusting. I feel like they need to put more love in their sandwiches.. i mean.. they can slow down a bit making them...but don't be serving what looks like a bird crapped cheese whiz all over some meat. Ew. I don't like how they sliced their meats. So many things I don't like about this place. JUST GO NEXT DOOR.
6789	9	2013-12-20	This place has the very †best cheese steaks in philly other then pats either way I can't go wrong!
6790	9	2013-12-17	Win! we did the taste comparison to Pat's and Geno's wins hands down. The meat taste like it's better quality and the people were super friendly. I was visiting from Cali and the nice guy gave me a pen for a souvenir!
6791	9	2013-12-17	Pats
6792	9	2013-12-17	Pat's is better did it because you have to if your in philly for the first time but will not go back they seem pretty adamant about expressing their political beliefs too, nothing wrong with that but as a costumer, that is a turn-off
6793	9	2013-12-17	I usually think Geno's is a good idea, because it looks cleaner than Pat's. And with the glaring lights and xenophobic signs, you have to admit they put on a good show. But as far as cheesesteaks go, Geno's is just not that good. †The meat is pre-cooked and heated up when you order, and it's never actually served hot. If you're going for the tourist thing, try Pat's instead.
6794	9	2013-12-16	We were so excited to go here. My fiance and another couple were driving to NYC and decided to stop in Philly for a authentic Philly. We tried both Pats and Geno. Both were bland... The meat had no seasoning. We even had the peppers on it... and they bother were disgusting. we were so upset. It is a tourist trap. The disappointing factor is that we have seen this on countless episodes on the food network and when you pull up to these places... it looks awesome with the neon lights... I was so hype to try one. The line was long and the phily came out before my eyes completed one full cycle of blinking. Word of advice to anyone... with the question of Pat or Genos... answer is NEITHER. I think I will try a true local place. I hate peperjack grill but I would prefer the over Pat and Geno. Just as the other posters stated... they were sort of rude.
6795	9	2013-12-16	If you are coming to Philly to get a great cheesesteak you have to come here. Are there better ones? Sure. But Geno's is a staple. I actually prefer Geno's over Pat's slightly because I've always found their rolls to be better. Don't get me wrong, these are delicious cheesesteaks! I usually eat them two at a time. But since I drive through Philly relatively often, I go to Tony Luke's to get my steaks now. All in all this is a great cheesesteak and if it's your first time to Philly do it for the tourist factor!
6796	9	2013-12-15	Pretty good!!
6797	9	2013-12-14	Both Pats and Geno's are not big on customer service. †If I return to Philly I wouldn't visit again. †Not too much different from others who reviewed. †I went to pats first. †There wasn't anyone there so the attendant started asking me to order. †I was trying to figure out what I wanted and he kept asking so I said Philly wit onions... He said cheese? I said yes. †He said shoulda told me that... No worries. †I got my sandwich and begin to eat it. †I decided to save some for later and try Geno's. †mistake... I had the other half of my sandwich in hand and my husband was in line at Geno's to order their sandwich. †I went to get a napkin. †One of the guys said... Don't use our napkins with that pats sandwich in your hand. †Those are for paying customers only. †I apologized and tried to clear up the misunderstanding to no avail. †Me... I apologize. †My husband is in line for one of your sandwiches. †We want to compare and take the food challenge. †Another geno employee came from the back and says...we paid for those not pats. †I said I understand I think their is a misunderstanding. †The guy said no their isn't. †We don't want your money. †Ok....we left. †I didnt try the sandwich, the review is for the service. †I wouldn't recommend either. †We will try tony lukes next time. †Have fun and tourist beware
6798	9	2013-12-14	Any trip to Philadelphia would not be complete without at least eating one cheesesteak sandwich so on this occasion had a few hours before my flight I decided why not try both at once. I went with the cheese steak with onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese and have to say that Pats compared to Gino's had the upper hand on multiple levels and I felt as if while Geno's was more friendly and looked nicer on the block the food was not comparable. Starting with steak I felt as if it really had no flavor to it and it almost seemed as if it was like gyro meat cut from a pole and wasn't cooked on the grill didn't have all the flavor. The onions were very undercooked it seemed as if they were just kind of thrown into the mix the mushrooms same exact thing and actually we're not even warm and felt as if they just came out of the can. The bread was rather soggy and really lacking for a cheese steak. The positive side, the people at Gino's were very friendly and the store looks a lot nicer not to mention the line was shorter but the good quality was not worth returning for what I ordered. Oh, and they charged me an extra $.50 for the same item I got across the street Next time in Philly I will do the same thing and see If I get better results, but for now its really only worth 2 stars...
6799	9	2013-12-13	Great steaks, great Philly vibe. I would definitely go there again/recommend to a friend!
6800	9	2013-12-13	great
6801	9	2013-12-12	The lady rushed me and said next because I took long to order, (wasn't that long). † You get paid by the hour, not by customer. †She never smiles and she looks miserable. †Even though she was rude, I feel bad for her that she can't understand that she gets paid Hourly and is hurting the business. †Who say's NEXT!!!???? †I don't even get treated like that when I'm ordering from a hot dog cart
6802	9	2013-12-12	Geno's Steaks-- they're cheesesteaks are just greasy, cheesy, meaty goodness, but honestly not as good as I expected for like an "authentic original." I've had both Geno's and Pat's and I honestly prefer Geno's because I think their steak is a little better, but they're very similar. But it was still a great late night meal!
6803	9	2013-12-11	I've been eating these since I was a kid. It's kind of a Philly thing. My dad would every so often tear us away from other better haunts (eg. Chink's, a shady corner deli Germantown that didn't even have a sign, Tony Luke's, Steve's, etc) to go down to South Philly and fight the tourists. I'm not going to bash Pat's and Geno's. You're going here for the experience, not the food. And often you see people there you haven't seen around in a while. [For the record: I always preferred Geno's for steaks (extra o, provolone) and Pat's for waffle fries (extra cheese). ] I took my husband and son to Pat's on their first Philly visit. They were unimpressed. "Is *this* the famous steak sandwich?" I just sighed and said "If I didn't bring you here, everyone would ask why you didn't go. So now next time we visit, I can take you to get a great steak." LOL
6804	9	2013-12-11	Geno's was not my favorite. I got whiz with onions. My 'complaint' is that they put the whiz on the bun and not on top of the meat. The cheese should be on top so that it sinks down and covers all the meat. Not my favorite, but you have to try both Geno's and Pat's (across the street) per tradition! My Favorite Cheesesteaks in order: 1. Pat's 2. Jim's Steaks 3. Geno's 4. Campo's Slightly far from the rest of historic Philly/regular tourist stuff, but the cab ride was only about $13 from the zoo (far) and it is very easy to catch another cab when leaving Geno's
6805	9	2013-12-10	note - geno's and pat's right across the street from each other! among the oldest steak places in philly! con's - not the best cheesesteak - not even close not the cleanest/newest equipment not the highest quality ingredients ratio of badly prepared hoagies are too high expensive pro's - bucket list item open 24/7
6806	9	2013-12-10	It's good when your hungry after a night out.
6807	9	2013-12-07	I would love to say this Philly Icon is absolutely great, but it is just OK. Love the cheese steaks, love the fries, but they are over priced and under sized. Maybe because there are other much better cheese steak places not far away, but Geno's would benefit on living less on the hype and more on the really good steak they started up on.
6808	9	2013-12-07	Racist + bad cheesesteaks= giving Philly a bad rep. Don't waste your time here, go to John's Roast Pork or Tony Luke's if you want a real south Philly experience. Or even Jim's on south street is way better.
6809	9	2013-12-06	Ignorant and racist signs all over the place. Don't support these people.
6810	9	2013-12-05	Worth checking out but I am a Pat's man myself.
6811	9	2013-12-04	Good - and yes, sometimes it's better than Pat's, but Pat's is still better by default at this point.
6812	9	2013-12-04	If you have to go to one of the tourist traps, go to Pats. †Geno's is overpriced and not nearly as flavorful as some of the other well known spots.
6813	9	2013-12-02	Geno's is a solid two stars. I've always found the meat to be a bit grissly. In order, I prefer Tony Luke's, Jim's, Pat's, then Geno's. For a chicken cheesesteak you can't beat Ishkabibble's on South street.
6814	9	2013-12-02	My family and I have a slight obsession with philly cheesesteaks. My grandfather lived in Philly for a while and when he moved to California with his kids, he instilled a love for cheesesteaks in them and his grandchildren as well. However, I always love a chance to go to the famous Geno's or Pat's. Though I have no true loyalty having only been to each once, I really enjoyed Geno's a lot. Being a 'foreigner' to Philly, I did not quite know the right lingo to order, and though I'm sure all the employees were laughing at me, they helped me out and got my cheesesteak to me promptly. It's a Philadelphia classic and I definitely recommend it to all. In all honesty, if I didn't think I would get immensely judged by my cousin who was with me, I would have ordered three and devoured them.
6815	9	2013-12-02	I'm sorry my fellow yelpers. In my happiness of being in Philly and having my mind occupied by the sights. I forgot to use the trusted reviews of yelp before I visited this hell hole of a place. I felt like processed meat. Place took my order and before my mouth was done articulating what I wanted I was handed a sandwich. A terrible one at that,with what tasted like old bread, non melted cheese, and crappy mushrooms. I get the feelings these guys look at customers like they're the ones doing us the favor. As if, if you're not from Philadelphia and are a tourist, the smugness comes out. The off putting signs are hilarious considering it's the city of brotherly love. Please pass on this place and at the very least take your money and visualization of a good Philly cheesesteak to pats.
6816	9	2013-12-01	Racist sign on the front window. I'd rather eat at Pat's where the service is friendly and they actually listen to your request.
6817	9	2013-12-01	Looking for the best cheesesteak in Philly? Look elsewhere. If you're looking for one of two proud Philadelphia establishments deadlocked in a tense battle for the glory of originality, look no further. Pat's is an experience, and I would recommend trying it...once. After that, look elsewhere for the tastiest cheesesteak.
6818	9	2013-12-01	I tried Genos, Jim's, and Pats side by side since there was no line for either. Vs Pats : Genos cost 50c less coming in at $9.50 Genos gave a larger roll and had toasted bread which was better than Pats. However there was much less meat and cheese on Genos, and the meat was not as flavorful. Vs Jims: Better bread but similar taste in meat and cheese. Costs about $1 more than Jims Genos does have the better bread out of all the places but not enough to make up for taste. Rankings #1 Pats #2 Geno's #3 Jim's
6819	9	2013-11-30	This place isn't all it's cracked up to be! I was in town to get passports done for my family and I and since we had a few hours to kill we decided to go to Genos. First off, let me start by saying the people who work here are complete racist a-holes. You can't ask them a question without them jumping down your throat or giving you a dirty look. After dealing with their attitudes,!we got the sandwiches and they were cold and flavorless. I really wish we would have tried Pats across the street. Never again!
6820	9	2013-11-30	I didn't really care for this place. The staff was kinda rude and the cheesesteak wasn't that spectacular. It was not enough meat and it was barely hot. Glad I tried it, but if I'm ever back in philly I will just walk across the street.
6821	9	2013-11-29	I was actually shocked at all the negative reviews that Geno's got, maybe its because I'm not from Philly, maybe its because I expected terrible parking or a rough, uncut, no nonsense South Philadelphia approach to service or maybe its because I was just hungry but I found Geno's to be an excellent restaurant with amazing cheesesteaks. A relative who lived in Philly for many years told us that we had to try both Pat's and Geno's when we went up there and the only way we could try them was with cheese whiz. So we did. Ordered up a "whiz wit" (the wit is "with onions" oh and remember, cash only) and in a matter of second our piping hot pile of meat, onions bread and cheese was presented to us. I was amazing : Course cut steak covered with melted cheese and onions. Nothing elsewhere in the US can compare. Now the question is which was better: Pat's or Geno's? I have to say that while I love Geno's cheese whiz more I'd have to say Pat's has the better meat. So I'm torn. Looks like I'll just have to get one from both places again the next time I'm in Philly.
6822	9	2013-11-28	Definitely a good steak place in Philly, but in my opinion pales in comparison to their neighbor.
6823	9	2013-11-27	Why go to Geno's? Really, why? Cosmi's is very close to Geno's and is a top 5 cheesesteak. I don't think either Geno's or Pat's is superior, but Pat's isn't bright orange and doesn't have neon all over it.
6824	9	2013-11-26	I went to Philly for the day, and I thought to myself "Why not get a STEAK AND CHEESE... FROM PHILLY" The parking is horrible in this area, the workers were rude, and on top of that they wanted their patrons to order in such a stupid manner. Something about "Wit Wiz" or something stupid like that, and if you didnt order that way you werent served, as the poster says. The sub contained like 6 strips of meat and their special sub was a steak and cheese.. but my friends, not regular american cheese!! I need a drum roll... CHEESE!!! FROM A CAN!!!!!! CANNED CHEESE OMG YES!!!! It was not what I expect from Philadelphia. On top of that this establishment had a sense of a racist vibe as a sign said "We speak English in America we wont take another language" While I follow the same logic I find the person who posted this on their glass wall a DISGUSTING PIG, If I ever met you I would tell it like it is you racist SCUM Screw this place, All you Yelpers! Dont let Philly fool you, funny how the BEST Steak and cheese ive ever had in my LIFE is at Carl's Sub in WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS.
6825	9	2013-11-26	i went back in october for the 2nd time in 9 years. back in 2004 my friends and i went to pats and genos and we agreed that pats had better bread and genos had better meat. however when i was there back in october pats was better all around. the meat at genos was too greasy. †not a bad sandwich but not as good as the other places.
6826	9	2013-11-26	I am so disappointed with this place. I have heard all the hype for years pats vs genos and most people who I trust say genos is better. But come on man this is like a sick joke. I have had better cheese steaks at pizza places and malls from Miami to Baltimore, so I thought Philly would have the best Philly cheese steak. As far as the "best" goes that is definitely not anything I saw today. All the hype this place has somehow garnered over the years has created a monster. It is a shame that has been plaguing hotels and restaurants more than ever lately; this place is living off its own legend, riding its own coattails, and doing its customers and previous employees a disservice. It's almost as if they no longer care about what they serve. First off, there is no parking anywhere nearby literally it's a mess in this area if you aren't a local. The steak was ok at best the onions nonexistent the mushrooms rubbery and tasteless on their own. The worst of all, the bun, if you have the audacity to call it that. I would liken it more to a rubber chew toy you find in the tiny pet accessory section in a local food store. The cheese wasn't even melted! I could get over the lack of indoor seating and the fact that even in the 30* weather you have to take your gloves off and roll up your sleeves to avoid getting mystery oil (no way could you call it au jous) and ketchup all over you. Even the attitude from cashier. Three things were truly appalling to me here. 1) everything was premade. Our food was in front of us before we even finished ordering. Ew. Um how long has that been there? What if I was allergic to something in there and needed it custom? 2) The price was outrageous especially for how little food we even were served...in an outdoor restaurant....with no parking lot....and counter service....food cost should at least be mildly related to cost of food, utilities, and staff. $21 for two "subs" is insane! And the worst thing about this place: 3) they have the worlds most horrendously racist sign right on the cashier window. "This is America. Speak English when ordering." Oh my god. This is Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love. Unless your brother happens to be one of the thousands of tourists who journeys to Philadelphia from another country and never had the luxury of learning English as a second language. A city that very nearby even has multilingual street signs! How dare they! Do yourself a favor and either close down and become a parking lot or maybe find some new management. This is horrendous.
6827	9	2013-11-25	Three of us thought it would be fun to conduct a taste test. †First we went to Pat's. †We ordered a steak and asked them to cut it into three pieces. †They complied without hesitation. †Then we went to Geno's and made the same request. †They said they could only cut it into two pieces. Yeh, well, I can't count past two either. †One fucking star. (I preferred Pat's - they didn't leave a bad taste in my mouth.)
6828	9	2013-11-25	Mediocre overprice cheesesteak, cheese fries are good. Stay away from this tourist trap. Go up the street to George's Sandwich Shop. Get a real cheesesteak, with real cheese.
6829	9	2013-11-25	I hate this place. Cheesesteak is horrible.. like one of the reviews said, a true philadelphian would not eat here.. The cheesesteak isnt even that good though... The manager is a racist, won't hire anyone that doesn't speak english, it was on the news and radio Only tourist eat here.. GO TO ISHKABIBBLES!! On south street I always tell tourists not to go here when they ask me... I wouldn't recommend this place for anyone...
6830	9	2013-11-22	Cool Vibe! Real South Philly Cheesesteaks! This is a fun place with pictures all over the walls of celebrities from the past til now who have been to Gino's!
6831	9	2013-11-21	This review is DECADES overdue! There are two groups of people that I hope read this. Tourists who are visiting our city and the directors for Fox Sports. Every time I watch an Eagles game I want to scream from the rafters REAL PHILADELPHIANS DON'T EAT HERE!!!! For reasons that completely escape me, people are led to believe that Philly people frequent this place. It's even mentioned in a few tourist pamphlets that the city puts out. The guy who used to own the place was a blatant racist. †The radio spots he'd run were nothing short of hate propaganda and the infamous "English Only" sign just screams spend your tourist dollars here. †On top of that the food is mediocre †at best. So for the love of god dp not patronize this place. Instead send your tourist money to Jim's steaks on South St or just follow the real philly people to Tony Luke's
6832	9	2013-11-21	Philly, Y U no like humans? That's the only reason I can think of why this place exists. We went only because we've heard about the rivalry between Geno and Pat. Husband had tried Pat's before and wasn't impressed, so we decided to test out Geno's. I had the sandwich with provolone, husband had the sandwich with cheez whiz, and we shared the fries with cheez whiz on top. The meat in my sandwich was dry, tasteless, and rubbery and I could barely taste the provolone. Husband's sandwich kept dripping greasy liquid that I guessed was from the cheez whiz. The cheese on the fries had already congealed by the time we brought it over to the table, so it was just a huge clump. Husband and I suffered stomach pains and spent the rest of the night taking turns in the bathroom. I only felt queasy the day after, but husband still had cramps and diarrhea. I assumed it must be the cheez whiz that caused the cramps and diarrhea, because I only ate a few of the fries and I didn't have it as bad. So they either use expired cheez whiz or something of really low quality. Either way, stay far away from this tourist trap. I've never used the words "cheez whiz" before so much in my life.
6833	9	2013-11-20	You can't go wrong with wiz wit and an order of cheese fries! It's a place that anyone living in Philly or visiting Philly should visit at least once.
6834	9	2013-11-18	I have no idea why people think the cheesesteak is really good there. I went there with my friend who was visiting and heard of the place. Nothing special at all. We wont be back because most places in south jersey they made it better .
6835	9	2013-11-15	Tried them once and wasn't thrilled. Much better steaks from local pizza joints. Philips and Dan's steaks are FAR better and no BS with the ordering.
6836	9	2013-11-15	Cheese Steak challenge. Who's going to win? †Geno or Pat? My coworker & I each bought a sandwich from each place. Armed with 1/2 a sandwich from the iconic cheese steak shop, it was time to decide the winner The cheese steak at Geno's was very good. It had a more tender steak & bigger sliced meat. I ordered it with the Whiz. I have to confess, I like Cheez Whiz. Yum!! The winner: GENO's Philly slang to order your cheese steak: Whiz for Cheez whiz (other cheese option are American or Provolone) With or Without = Grilled onions or no onion So if you want a cheese steak w/ Cheez whiz and w/ onion, you say: "Can I please have a cheese steak whiz with" lol Don't mess it up or they will give you a hard time (all in fun) Same as at Pat's, they have 2 windows. One for the cheese steak order and one for the beverage. You pay separately for each. They have plenty of picnic tables & chair. Note: Geno's & Pat's are the touristy Philly cheese steak joint. They made the sandwich famous and should be equally recognized for it. Note: if you want a better cheese steak sandwich (per our cabby & others) try Jim's Steak or Tony Luke's. Do your own taste test and decide for yourself. Enjoy!!
6837	9	2013-11-14	Visited for dinner yesterday, and lunch at Pat's. Good portion and nice roll size, but a bit light on the whiz and a little bland, even w/ the onions. †Slight edge to Pat's. Cheese fries were decent. †Used excess cheese on sandwich.
6838	9	2013-11-14	I guess it depends on what you are looking for. Personally i am a fan of ishkabibbles on south street.
6839	9	2013-11-13	It's the classic Philly Cheesesteak! What more can you say. Ya gotta go! I can't decide between here and Pat's they're both damn good and pretty similar. Go to both. You decide!
6840	9	2013-11-13	I was here for a couple of hour and had to come to the famous geno's and Pat but at almost $10 a sandwich i was pretty disappointed, it was beefier than Pat's which i liked but no where worth the price. We came here around 5 and there was a pretty big line, longer than pats though it moved fairly fast.
6841	9	2013-11-13	the energy at the Tourist Trapped corner of Pat's & Geno's is great but unfortunately the sandwiches aren't They are so many better options in and around the city.
6842	9	2013-11-13	I think everybody has eaten at Genos at least once. †I don't like all the negative reviews I hear about them, because their food is solid. †Yes they are overpriced, yes its quick servce, but thats what this place is about; tourists go hear to say they went here and drunk people go here because they could care less. † If i have a choice, I'll go somewhere else but I'll never complain about eating here.
6843	9	2013-11-12	So I took the phili cheesesteak challenge and decided to try Geno's and Pat"s both in the same sitting to really see which cheesesteak reigns supreme. †Unfortunately Geno's lost the battle. †Not as many people have indicated the differences are suttle and you wouldnt really notice unless you ate both at one time. †I got the traditional cheesesteak with wiz and onions. Seems like both Pats and Genos uses the same bread company. †One place dices the onions while the other slices them. †One place slices the steak thiner than the other. †One place puts more wiz than the other. †What it really came down to for me was the consistency in each and every bite. †Just felt that Pats was more uniform. †Still both decent sandwiches just felt that Pats was better. Another thing that my have influenced my decision was tht my friend got yelled at by one of the employees. †After buying our genos sandwich my friend went to go put ketchup on her half. †No big deal. †Then when she tried to put ketchup on her half of the pats sandwich all hell broke loose and the employee went ballistic.
6844	9	2013-11-11	Food: I ordered an ever so popular cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz. The beef here was leaner and tougher than the ones from their cross street rival. The bread was also very tough. Taste was ok. I mean it's just beef, onion, and cheese. Service: It's the usual... order your cheesesteak at the first window and your drinks at the second one. If you know the process, everything is fine. You get your food in no time and then go find a place to sit. Location: Out of the two places at this street corner, Pat's is better... but not by much. You come to this place just to get it over with and to be able to tell your friends that you've been there. Definitely a tourist trap.
6845	9	2013-11-10	My friend Geno, There was a sign in front of your cashier that says, "you are in America, speak English when you order". You are damn right about it but read this. Your philly cheese steak sucks. So is the service. Cash only??? No receipt. The meat was of worst quality ever. You charge 6 dollar for fries and soda? I was told if I ever visit Philadelphia, you philly was a must. I am sorry for my bad review but one thing is for sure. It is in English.
6846	9	2013-11-08	Equally authentic as Pat's! I love it just as much!
6847	9	2013-11-07	I know it's a tourist trap and I don't like the signs either... but I love love love these cheese steaks and I am not ashamed to yelp it. It's a must have any time I am in Philly.
6848	9	2013-11-06	Was 13 miles away at a friend's house when I decided to take a run for a cheesesteak. †Did the touristy thing and hit Genos. I totally screwed up the ordering process, but the staff wasn't rude at all. †(Didn't see any signs about ordering in English either, but would have shook their hands if I had.). †But in the end my steak with onions and provolone wasn't worth the trip. †Bread was good and I was happy the meat wasn't that shaved frozen stuff Steak-Uggms. †But the short $8.00 thing they handed me wasn't what I would call good. †It seemed like a convenience store version of what a cheesesteak is supposed to be. †Take heed. †The quest for the quintessential steak sandwich continues.
6849	9	2013-11-06	Every time someone finds out I am from Philadelphia... I get the question. "Pat's or Geno's" My canned answer is neither. See my review for Pagano's. and I go on and on about Pagano's being better and such. I had the pleasure of taking an impromptu trip to Philadelphia from Baltimore at 2 in the morning and unfortunately Pat's and Geno's were the only places that were open at 3:30 when we arrived. I can honestly say that due to the fact that I grew up on the other side of the city it wasn't until I was an adult that I ever ate at Pats' or Geno's. But I digress, I decided to be fair and I got a steak from both Pat's and Geno's and I will attest that I liked the steak from Geno's better. But, that is my opinion. Is this the best in the City though? NOT AT ALL by far. Do yourself a favor and look up Pagano's get yourself a real cheesesteak. Bottom Line: I will not eat here unless I am in a similar situation and my friends and I decide to take a road trip again at 2 in the morning.
6850	9	2013-11-05	I am not sure what they did what when this place started but it must have changed. This Philly was hard to take down. †Pats has the upper †hand, but its not much better. This place is running on reputation.... but you must try it right? Go. Keep them going. It will die sooner or later. No bueno, no good. Oh be sure you speak English because these guys are racist jerks. Some people are a waste of space.
6851	9	2013-11-03	The food was mediocre. This place is solely running on reputation, not the taste of the food. You can buy steak-ums and doctor them up with your own fried onions & cheese. Now if you can get past the curt non smiling staff, all the signs telling you not to even bother approaching if you don't speak English and to go back to the s*** country you came from, and the posters blaring kill Mumia Abu-Jamal the cop killer...then give them a whirl. Real American establishment here. Pass. You're not missing anything.
6852	9	2013-11-03	Welcome to the land of Transfatia! First I took a look at the crowd that was in line. †I counted 30 people out of 37 people, that were overweight. Had no business having a cheese steak sandwich if you ask me. But, hey, this is America. Speaking of which... How disgusting was that "Speak English" crap. I'm quite sure they do not want to hear the English words I have in mind for them about it. That's just unnecessary and (thank God), not at reflection of who we are as Americans. The place was filthy. †Seems like no one or very few people bother cleaning after themselves (their demographic?), and staff seem too busy ensuring that people speak English so they don't spend time removing leftovers from the benches. Then (surprise!) service was below average. †Rude, dismissive people. The sandwich was this overpriced doughy mess with watered down melted cheese. Then there's a decor. †The place looks too insisting upon trying to get people's attention. Tacky with that in-your-face showoff diarrhea of stuff around the place, trying to to look like Times Square in the middle of South Philly. †Then all that bragging by putting pictures of celebrities or (seemingly) important people having sandwiches... all a big turn off. Feel bad for misguided tourists that see their advertising around the city. If they only knew better.
6853	9	2013-11-03	Genos has also tied for my numero uno cheese steak stop in Philly. Located near my old neighborhood, it is a Philly institution. You never know whom you might run in to in line there! This is my type of †fast food, just hold the wiz, and dump on the raw onions and hot peppers please!
6854	9	2013-11-01	Hundreds of neighborhood cheese steak joints in the city are †better than Genos. Geno's and Pat's are for the tourists and political photo ops.
6855	9	2013-10-31	Pat's vs Geno's great debate. Not a real fan of cheese-steaks but I went with a bunch of friends when we visited Philly in March earlier this year. I like the bread here better than Pat's but I liked how Pat's meat was chopped. The meat here was more dry as well. In addition, they're pretty rude. I guess they can afford to be. They have a lot of American propaganda with the "Speak English" and "This is America." That turned me off from this place. I was born in the States and work with immigrants daily, but really?
6856	9	2013-10-30	Pats vs. Genos Pats for sure. Genos steaks arent even cut. I feel like I'm chewing on leather. I'm not sure if they use the same bread as Pats or maybe I'm just biased due to their past racial controversy but...it's not good. At all. What.so.ever.
6857	9	2013-10-29	The worst cheese steak in the city. †Never go here.
6858	9	2013-10-28	i was here over the weekend but i like pat's better - heard that teresea from long island medium was here!
6859	9	2013-10-28	nothing compared to Pat's!
6860	9	2013-10-27	Guy dont use gloves handling my food. †Meat was chewy, †although it would make decent drunk food.
6861	9	2013-10-27	Its not bad, the ribeye kinda tasted bland, the cheese made it flavorful, my buddy gets me Geno's every time he is in town visiting Baltimore, though my personal favorites are Dalessandro's and Tony Luke's when i visit Philly.
6862	9	2013-10-27	A Philly Original!
6863	9	2013-10-26	My first time in Philly, knew I had to try Geno's and Pat's...I don't even understand why there's a competition because Pat's is so superior. My cousin is a born and raised †Philly-er, I dont know if that's the proper name for them, but she told me to try Pat's but I wanted to try both. Genos was good but not anything that I couldn't get in New York. Pat's was incredible though! The meat was so fresh and the cheese OH MY GOD THE CHEESEEEEE! I did one traditional and then one cheese mushroom pepper pizza steak, normally I'm all about the toppings but their original was so good I really just couldn't improve upon it. Don't waste your time at Genos, head straight to Pat's!!!!!
6864	9	2013-10-26	Great sandwich and cheese fries. †Bread is amazing. †Will stop there on my next trip. †Surprised it has a 2.5 star rating. †Deserves better.
6865	9	2013-10-24	ive been to both Geno's and Pats... i think Geno's food is okay but the d-bag meter is off the charts as far as the "English Only" sign at the window and the huge hummer parked nearby..its a tourist trap plain and simple and the prices reflect it. i prefer Pats...you get your sandwich and you get no overblown BS.
6866	9	2013-10-24	Don't waste your time standing in line. You can get better steaks at random restaurants in the same neighborhood. Geno's steaks are sub-par. If you want to wait in line at a "famous" steak place you should go to Jim's Steaks instead. At least their steaks are tasty.
6867	9	2013-10-21	Simply disappointed! †I was looking forward to tasting a true steak sandwich from Philly but this place did not leave a good impression. †I was taken back when I found they use Cheese Whiz (oh no, not the Whiz) on their famous sandwiches. †Highly overrated! †Not worth the trip from New York at all. †I must admit the meat was cooked better than Pat's but that's not saying much.
6868	9	2013-10-20	We go here consistently every year, its definitely a winner.
6869	9	2013-10-19	Awesome
6870	9	2013-10-17	Seriously good cheesesteaks, long lines though. And bad service. And only outdoor seating. And terrible prices. But... Good?
6871	9	2013-10-14	Geno's and Pat's -- Perhaps the worst quality steak you can find in Philly. BUT If you love: -Stomach Pain -Diarrhea -Standing inline with drunk idiots from out of town who don't know any better You will love this place.
6872	9	2013-10-14	Well if you really want a cheesesteak in the Italian Market, this is one of two alternatives. †Better to hoof it to Center City for numerous better alternatives (Campos, for one).
6873	9	2013-10-14	Growing up in South Philly, 34 years, †Geno's steaks were once a great enjoyable sandwich. Now they've gotten cheaper meat which is nothing but fat and charge way too much for a sandwich. They have just become more commercialized. There is nothing special about this sandwich except the name. Sorry Geno's, you're just not the same steak anymore.
6874	9	2013-10-12	This place is good-looking and flashy, but if you want better cheese steaks, cross the street at eat at Pat's King of Steaks. We tried both on our trip to Philly, and Pat's is much better, and they have delicious fries.
6875	9	2013-10-10	My friend still went to Geno's after I told her not to. So I asked her, "so was I right?" Her response, " You were right" Nuff said.
6876	9	2013-10-10	Cheese fries with Cheese Wiz? Should have gone at midnight instead of noon, drunk instead of sober. They probably would have tasted like 4 stars, but in reality they were much closer to 2.5.
6877	9	2013-10-07	Good, not great, Gets 4 stars for the history....
6878	9	2013-10-07	Have not been to Genos in years. Went Saturday night and the place was packed. The place is well let, clean and has plenty of good help. The steaks was fantastic. The ambiance is also the best I have seen. Way better then the dingy looking Pats. The rolls are perfect, the meat was tender and fat free. Great job Genos.
6879	9	2013-10-07	I have to take out of town friends here simply because they feel as though it's a necessary stop to their visit to the city. I never minded it so much so I'd take them... it's all been downhill from there. Geno's had rapidly declined so much to the point that I beg my friends to let me take them somewhere else to eat cheesesteaks... The meat is so rubbery, chewy, bland, and dried out.. it's as though you have to get the cheese whiz in order to add some moisture to this desert in your mouth. Bread is stale, service is terrible and the place just looks like a dirty hole where people stupidly stand in line for food to come out of. What a bad way to represent the Philly cheesesteak.
6880	9	2013-10-07	Everything about Geno's -- from the service, to their awkward ordering process, to their horrific excuse of a cheesesteak -- makes this one of the worst cheesesteak experiences I've ever had in Philly. I went to undergrad in Philly so trust me, I speak cheesesteak. The locals will tell you (and I agree) that the best cheesesteak shops can be found tucked away in the neighborhoods. To be honest, in my entire four years of college, I never had reason to trek down to Pat's or Geno's. My husband, however, wanted to experience the whole blinking light, mano-a-mano rivalry between Geno's and Pat's. So on our way home after an amazing day trip in Philly, we stopped at Geno's. (We had done Pat's before, and while it wasn't the best I ever had, it was a solid cheesesteak.) For a place that prides itself on being a Philly landmark, you'd think they'd cater to the tourist. Most locals and Philly foodies already avoid this place like the plague. However, Geno's wants the tourist to cater to them. You better learn the rules of ordering before you step to the counter or else you will be shunned. I get that part of the mystique of the place is the rudeness and the whole "wit or wittout" lingo, but it's not just a schtick with them. It's really how they are. Beware if you try ordering your fries and drinks from the cheesesteak window. They will yell at you for not knowing or assuming that the window at the far end of the building is where you get your fries and sodas. Now let's talk about what Geno's calls a cheesesteak. They don't chop the meat. It's sliced thick and is very chewy and flavorless. The bread was stale and the fries were rather forgettable. If you find yourself torn Geno's and Pat's, I'd tell you to go across the street to Pat's. They have the better food, and their outdoor decor isn't as fussy and gimmicky as Geno's. If you want the best of the best in Philly cheesesteaks, head down to Tony Luke's on Oregon Ave, or Jim's at 4th and South. I definitely can vouch for Jim's far superior cheesesteak. I spent many a late night and many a work study dollar at Jim's. But back to Geno's. Skip it. Definitely not worth the trip or the hassle to find parking and seating.
6881	9	2013-10-06	Not impressed. The meat isn't very good, and the bread was kinda stale. I dont think I would ever eat at this place again. Really underwhelmed with Pats and Geno's.
6882	9	2013-10-06	gross! Edit: †I should be more specific. † I have been told that the day I went was clearly a bad day; however, the quality was consistent at both Pat's and Geno's. †My boyfriend and I went to pick up a cheesesteak from both Pats and Geno's so as to compare. †EACH of them was cold!!! †the bread was stale and like ripping off a bite of beef Jerky when eating them. †The provolone was cold. †it was like eating a cold roast beef sandwich with no flavor. †Nobody was at either place so i am not sure if we just went on an off day.
6883	9	2013-10-06	You definitely can't go wrong with ordering the Wiz Cheesesteak sandwich! It was great!! The down side is that its cash only but there are some ATM's nearby. In my opinion, the place is a bit touristy but it's been open for many decades so that wasn't a shocker. This is definitely a place to try if you're visiting!
6884	9	2013-10-05	Definitely gotta hit up Geno's every we come to Philly... Gotta order the philly cheesesteak with onion and cheese wiz :)
6885	9	2013-10-05	Vile. Chewy hard steak got stuck in my teeth for hours. Pats is better, but that's like saying being shot in the head is better than being shot in the groin and then shot in the head. Both awful. While I am at it. Every place ever featured on a tv show is a joke now, please don't keep being suckers.
6886	9	2013-10-05	I love that the owner died. I really do. He was the one who starred in their borderline racist "Speak English" ads. That'll bring the tourist to Philadelphia Geno, well done sir! One day, hopefully, Geno's Steaks dies too - they are cheap on the meat, and the meat, if you get any, tastes and looks very non-cow like. Trivial question: Do you think Geno's distaste for non-English speaking people just stopped at their inability to speak Amerrr'can? Hmmmm, I don't think so....
6887	9	2013-10-05	TOURIST TRAP - Worst cheesesteak I have ever eaten. †Boiled beef and onions on a bun, just plain nasty
6888	9	2013-10-05	TOURIST TRAP!!! Please forget everything you have ever seen on a Food Network or Travel Channel TV special. The cheese steaks here are horrible. 1) The meat was thick, hard to chew, and tasteless. 2) I got American instead of Wiz and it was melted onto the bread instead of the meat (and in my opinion that changes the flavor of the sandwich). 3) The onions on top were big pieces that were barely cooked. 4) The bread was too chewy 5) And the price was ridiculous- $9.50! I'm from Jersey and always wanted to try Geno's since it is always raved about but I suggest to try other places. Good alternatives are lot of places on South Street, Tony Luke's and Gaetano's in New Jersey.
6889	9	2013-10-04	If you are coming to visit the city and looking for a good cheesesteak....this is NOT your spot. If you want some food after clubbing or being out all night...this is still really not your spot, but it does satisfy if you are drunk and hungry. A plus that some might like is that the meat is very thick. It's not thinly sliced like most cheesesteak places around the area. You know you are getting beef! But it is soooo greasy! Prepare to go home with a heart attack once you are finished! LOL Geno's is a very fast pace spot. You must know what you want upon getting to the window. There's really no asking questions or anything like that. It's pick your cheese then wit or witout. Done!! Oh, and they are pretty expensive too. I don't think they are really worth it!
6890	9	2013-10-03	Over rated! Steak meat fatty. Condement area fithy. Employees rude. Tourset trap!
6891	9	2013-10-03	If you love your friends, family and your children.. please do not bring them here. Dry sliced beef, chewy roll and a bit overpriced for the quality. I feel sorry for you all who never taste a better cheese steak. Genos or Pat's... get a better cheese steak somewhere else. Or save money and get your cheese steak from your corner Chinese take-out restaurant
6892	9	2013-10-02	Pats is the real deal
6893	9	2013-10-01	Not bad...just not Pats, but still a good steak.
6894	9	2013-09-28	Not impressed. The steak is chewy ,they are stingy with the amount of meat, onions and wiz they put in. Bread is chewy too. It was an ok sandwich and I was starving when I ate it. I noticed after I got my food that they had some really stupid signs up that read "this is America speak English". Look at the photos posted by other yelpers, more racism there. Soooo I'll never be going back here again. The cheesesteaks across the street at Pat's †look way better for the same price and without the hate & discrimination.
6895	9	2013-09-27	This †place is a landmark in Philadelphia †so no matter whether they have 1 Star or 5 stars †people will continue traveling out of the way to get one . With that said the thin slices (not chopped) pieces of meat †barely fill the bread . The bread is great btw . The workers are arrogant and rude . As if they are doing us a favor by giving us a cheesesteak . Condiments are only available on the †side. No thank you .
6896	9	2013-09-26	When Pat's is across the street, I see no reason to go to Geno's...
6897	9	2013-09-26	No Philly trip is complete.....yadda yadda yadda.... Come for the experience, I suppose, but the sandwich †- wit wiz - is average. †Eat here late and drunk like I did. †Please, oh please, do not make this your dinner if you are visiting. †There are far better places for lunch and dinner than this (e.g. National Mechanics for lunch, Matyson for dinner) if you are in the city. † And for Pete's Sake (or Geno's or Pat's) if you people want a REAL sandwich, go to Jimmy's on Belmont Avenue in good ol' Youngstown, Ohio.
6898	9	2013-09-26	Pat's, Geno's, whatever. Pick your poison. Some people side with one versus the other, I really see no difference. They are both average. Tourists who don't know better inevitably wind up here or at Pat's. The drunk crowd does the same. Maybe it's the alcohol. Like Pat's, it's an okay cheese steak. It tastes fine. Now, it's not special. It doesn't represent the best of Philly. I would say Gooey Louie's is my favorite. Jim's, Ishkabibbles, and Tony Lukes are all good as well, but not as special as Gooey Louie's. So, if you really want a good Philly cheese steak, go somewhere else. If you are okay with average and drunk people, Geno's is for you.
6899	9	2013-09-25	There are much better steaks in Philly....Steve's and Jim's by far better
6900	9	2013-09-23	Go to Pat's. This place is not amazing. I also understand you should speak English, but if you are new to the country it is difficult most likely. Having a sign there with american flags and bald eagles saying to Order in English only made me want to bust out my thickest asian accent I can come up with and just F with the worker, but I'm above that. I don't know, I'm American, but my parents are asian. I've been in the US longer than these young kids working there and seeing a sign like that turned me off. I almost walked away, but my friend had already purchased his sandwich. Then we get to the hotel and I come to find out the place is Anti-mumia. Ok i'm never going there again. LOL. I'm a Mumia supporter and if you are against Mumia that is your opinion, but if you feel strongly for the unjust imprisonment of Mumia, why would you go to a place who feels he is a murderer and clearly support the officer? Now I am completely against killing an officer as everyone should be, but I can't support a place where they merely support this man because it's a cop hangout.
6901	9	2013-09-23	Soft bread, excellent overall steak and cheese. whiz wit!
6902	9	2013-09-22	While visiting Philly with my girlfriend we decided to get one cheesesteak from Geno's and one from Pat's to share and compare. Geno's, having the longer line, we decided to try first. Upon approaching the ordering window we were faced with inappropriate, racist, political statements sponsored by the founder of Geno's himself. "This is America, order in English!" "I want my country back." Not only is it offensive, but ignorant as well, as the United States has no official language. While it is an English speaking establishment, and it may be more polite to order in English, they do not have to make such a statement about it. The whole thing made me not want to order from there at all. The most important part, however, is the taste. After picking up a second cheesesteak from Pat's, we sat down across the street and took our first bites. My girlfriend had the Pat's cheesesteak; I had the one from Geno's. Her immediate response was, "Mmm..." Mine was, "eh." So we traded sandwiches and this bite had flavor. As other reviews had stated, the steak is dry, flavorless, as is the bread itself. Definitely not worth the $9.50 they charge you. The best cheesesteak? I've had better cheesesteaks in Jersey.
6903	9	2013-09-21	First of all, the taste was so generic I felt like I could have gotten a better cheesesteak at a Wawa gas station. Secondly they were so incredibly racist, and their signs were so offensive to me (I'm white too, so seriously...) I almost wanted to leave immediately, but I stayed for the hype because I was in Philly, after all. The dudes cursed at my friends and I and we were all pretty pissed by the time we left. Ended up going to Pat's because at least their service was friendly and a lot less offensive. Seriously, just pass this one up. It's not worth your time.
6904	9	2013-09-21	Ask yourself the following: Is it 3 am? Are you intoxicated? Do you need to sober up and put something on that rumbling stomach before you drive home? Well if you answered yes to these questions then you find yourself in the right place! Geno's offers the most mediocre steak you can find in the city. The meat is dry, the onions are runny and the cheese wiz is barely distinguishable from the roll. Through Geno's, I've come to learn that great marketing can sometimes make up for a low grade product. Geno's steaks are weeeeeeeak. A great alternative is Steve's Prince of Steaks which opened up recently on 16th and Market in Center City. After that you can drop down a tier to the Jim's cheese steak, which offers a baby cow's worth of meat on each roll. But I digress... You are drunk and you're in South Philly and you're starving... go across the street to Pat's. "Don't eat a mistake."
6905	9	2013-09-21	If you need to vomit, definately eat here. Both times I ate here I was violently ill afterwards. Its a good thing I spent so much money on it or it wouldnt have been as memorable. go to Jims.
6906	9	2013-09-19	My friend's from NY wanted to go to Pat's and Gino's to check out their fare. Ordered a cheesesteak from each. Turns out the bread from Pat's is better but the cheesesteak from Gino's is better.. Maybe they shold combine efforts! Both places are reminiscent of a hot dog truck! †There is only limited outdoor seating! Cash only and they tell you to be ready to order when it's your turn at the window with cash ready!
6907	9	2013-09-19	Hit up Geno's and Pat's at the same time because they're right next to each other. †Food wise, Geno's is a bit better because of the bread and the whiz....Pat's cheesesteak looks better but doesn't taste as good. † Additionally, customer service sucks at Genos..the lady that took the orders was very very rude to the customer a couple people ahead of me (so the stereotype is true, just look it up yourself) and bad mouthed him after he left. Overall, they're both overrated and pricey for a cheesesteak and fries.
6908	9	2013-09-18	i like it but it's no pat's.
6909	9	2013-09-18	By all means, go see Geno's and its neighbor Pat's when your in town, however, do everyone a favor and go elsewhere for your cheesesteak. †The places are pretty cool to look at and gives a true south philly feel but check out Tony Luke's or JIm's for a better cheesesteak. † I find the meat to be subpar and the bread is just OK. †Geno's has decent fries, I'll give them that, but there are much better options all over town. †Both Geno's and Pat's are places living off their own legends.
6910	9	2013-09-17	I should say it's one thing to be nationalistic, but when its bordering or really, blatenly racist and discriminatory its another. I didn't realize this until my boss and I committed to eating there and we started reading the signs after we paid (him being Moroccan and me being Asian - we kind of were like, uh...I think our kind isn't necessarily wanted here). And the food wasn't great. Bread was too smooshy and the steak drier, not enough wiz either. Go across the street.
6911	9	2013-09-17	Great steaks!!
6912	9	2013-09-17	I'm a Philly chick born and bred, so I know better. †But, I was squiring friends from England around town, and of course they wanted to do the pat's/Geno's show down, so who was I to deny them. † Well, what can I say that hasn't already been said? The people here are quite rude, but I know that's their schtick. †But in my opinion they are doing nothing to improve the overall opinion of Philadelphia. †The older lady in particular is a real bitch...she needs a nice long vacation or something. The cheesesteaks here are nothing special. †I actually prefer Pat's if I have to choose between those two.
6913	9	2013-09-17	We walked over to Geno's after having Pat's, just because we could. Following the "when in Rome, do as Roman's do" credo - we wanted to compare Geno's right after we had Pat's. I will have to duck after saying this, but I liked Pat's a little better. I did like the way that Geno's steaks didn't chop up the steak too much, so that's one small difference between the two legends of cheese and steak. I know that this is a very touchy subject around these parts, so I'm just saying what I think. Having said that though - you really should come down to this street and try it for yourself. While I think it's splitting hairs compared to others, this is a really good cheesesteak!
6914	9	2013-09-16	Bad attitudes, over rated food.
6915	9	2013-09-14	When you come to Philly, I think it's a state law (hah) that you have to have a cheesesteak at Geno's (and Pat's for comparison. The service here was quite a bit friendlier than Pat's, but it pays to know what you want BEFORE you get up to the ordering window. Like Pat's, they want your order as soon as you step up, but they aren't as rude when they tell you to step aside to read the menu while they help the next person in line. I enjoyed Geno's much more than Pat's, as the bread wasn't hard, filling portion more generous, and at least in my opinion the steak had a better flavor. The hubby preferred Pat's. Service is very fast, most of the seating is outside, and it's not really a place to linger over your meal. If you've never been to Philly, then this is one stop you really should make. Get one from here, one from Pat's, split each sandwich between you and another person or two and have your own taste test. Like seeing the Rocky steps and statue, coming here is just one more thing to cross off your Philly bucket list.
6916	9	2013-09-13	I'm personally a Pat's fan, but it's a cheesesteak so of course it's good! Pro tip: Know your order and have cash at the ready.
6917	9	2013-09-12	Any place in Philly with a cheese steak will do, they are not even close to the only, and there are more good than bad places out here. Good: Canned cheese wiz makes everything better. The bread is actually pretty fresh. Bad: Value, your just paying for hype. You really cant go wrong with Cheese wiz, steak and fries.... so nothing is new here. Late night stops here always leave me in worse shape in the stomach (and only at this time), go elsewhere if you have the 2am munchies. The attitude towards the "English" is just poor customer service for a greedy impatient shop, in fact their English is flawed too.
6918	9	2013-09-10	Visiting my brother out near Philly, so he, my dad and I decided to stop by and try it. The ordering pace is pretty fast so know what you want and have you CASH ready. I got a cheesesteak "wit", meaning with onions. The bread was good and chewy, how I like. That's perhaps a personal preference. The meat was good and salty. Cheese wiz is tasty and I'll put onions on darn near anything. I thought the sandwich was delicious, but I don't have a picky pallet. The service was hurried, but I guess that's part of the charm is it's supposed to be a sandwich shop you can grab and go. I think people may mistake that for rude. The seating is all outside. Price was about 12 bucks for sandwich, fries and drink. Which is steep, but not unusual for a typical tourist eatery.
6919	9	2013-09-09	I have had cheesesteaks that were equal to or better than Gino's, but their hot sauce cannot be found anywhere else, so I have to give Gino's 4 stars, and probably my favorite place to go when craving a steak sandwich. On the negative side, the people working there make you feel as though it's a privilege for you to eat there, not theirs for having you as a customer. Not cool. Also, a bit pricey; they don't need to be that expensive.
6920	9	2013-09-09	save your money - This is probably the worst sandwich I have ever had. They barely give you any meat and they didn't even melt the cheese into the sandwich! seriously, you would be better off at steak and shake.
6921	9	2013-09-08	Well after I headed to Pat's I decided to try Geno's. the line was longer and there were some rude teens cursing at each other the whole time. But after the ignorant teens , I got my cheesesteak. I really liked it , the bread had a crisp taste to it. The only thing I did not like and I was kind of shocked when I saw the sign that states "Speak English" I think they put that up because if you look around the neighborhood it is a lot of Asians and latinos.
6922	9	2013-09-08	I've been here twice, and neither time was I overly impressed with the sandwiches. The service is what I'd expect for this kind of place - gruff, fast paced, and generally unfriendly. They don't like explaining how they do things. You order ONLY your sandwich at the first window (ALL they care about is how many sandwiches, what kind of cheese - american, cheese whiz or provolone - and if you want onions). You pay for your sandwich there. You wait for your sandwich, and then you move down to the second window where you can order drinks and fries. For two sandwiches, 1 order of fries and two waters, it was $29. I realize it's a Philadelphia staple, but for the quality of meat (which is a step below Steak-Ums), it's overpriced. I get better cheesesteaks in NYC, at a Philadelphia-native owned bar. It's fun to go once, but I don't know that I'd go again. Had I read the reviews about how racist they were, I wouldn't have gone at all. I'm shocked that I didn't noticed any of those signs when I was there.
6923	9	2013-09-08	when the meat isnt dry, its banger... when they have mushrooms, its banger... otherwise it sucks... overall i feel the same way about genos as i do about pats.. overrated. philly cheesesteak is supposed to be famous... and yeah its pretty damn good... when it wants to be. †ive had genos and pats so many times and its either hit or miss. †i think out of the 1000x ive went, ive had about 50 good steaks and 950 avg ones. †still, when youre drunk at 3am in philly, nothings better than a cheesesteak.
6924	9	2013-09-07	Geno's steaks was a huge letdown. With all the big lights and overdone signs I expected the food to really stand out. Unfortunately, all the fanfare must be to help distract customers from stale bread, a couple pieces of mildly warm steak, and a small amount of whiz. Don't waste your time. This place is all about the hype. It does not live up to expectations.
6925	9	2013-09-06	I personally will not be returning to Geno's at anytime. †Between horrible customer service and lack of a good philly cheesesteak, Geno's just was a total miss for me. † First off, it's cash only. †Which is fine as long as you don't wait in a long line just to reach the (rude) cashier where the little sign tells you. †The poor gentleman in line behind me was sent away by a rude cashier that obviously has had this happen plenty of times. †(Hint: maybe there should be a larger sign somewhere.) †I also thought the lady selling the drinks was rude too. They don't have green peppers or mushrooms, their onions aren't cooked and the meat just wasn't good. I definitely wouldn't recommend bothering with Geno's. †Period.
6926	9	2013-09-05	This place is Ok for a late night sandwich after some cocktails. Right down the road a little is Tony Lukes which is much better.
6927	9	2013-09-05	Whatever you do, DO NOT GO HERE. These people are racist who straight up tell you that if you don't speak English you are not welcome to order at their counter. in fact, there is a sign right there as you are getting ready to pay that they "want to take back their country" DISGUSTING. If you want to support racist idiots who are BIGOTS go for it. the cheese steak SUCKED by the way.limp and flavorless. GO TO PATS.
6928	9	2013-09-05	oI always feel rushed there. There steaks are ALRIGHT. not worth the hype. I'd go back t Genos if Pats line was out the streets
6929	9	2013-09-05	Not necessarily the best, but no complaints!
6930	9	2013-09-04	Solid. Not much more to say.
6931	9	2013-09-04	............racists...
6932	9	2013-09-04	It's not as good as Jim's but good enough to be famous.
6933	9	2013-09-01	CASH ONLY! Be prepared. The kitchen staff is really nice, but the counter workers can be rude. Food is quick to order and fast to receive, unlike the long line. $9.50 for a (cheese? I didn't taste the cheese, they be skimpin) steak sub. $5 for the cheese fries which were delicious! $4 for the freedom fries. Cheesesteak was bland and i had to add a lot of condiments for more flavor. Would only come back for the cheese fries. Tables were clean and tidy though. In all honesty, I wanted to go to Pats...
6934	9	2013-08-31	I used to denigrate Geno's, buying into this "tourist trap" argument, but the truth is that Jim's, Pat's and Geno's are all tourist traps. †Another argument -- Geno's is a rip-off. †Yes, true, but all three are rip offs. †I enjoy the thicker cut of Geno's to the odor-of-death ambience of Jim's and the overcooked steak scraps of Pat's. †Plus, Pat's is a shithole, decor-wise. †Not expecting the Ritz, but c'mon, they must be gazillionaires; trying putting some money into the place.
6935	9	2013-08-30	It's a must-experience kind of place, but the cheesesteak quality is quite sub par
6936	9	2013-08-30	Let's face it. †You're not here for the cheesesteak. †You're here because you saw some special on TV about amazing cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and the presented contention between Pat's and Geno's piqued your interest. †Know this: †Pat's (right on the opposing corner) is [slightly] better. †Also know that there are a hundred other places in which to get a cheesesteak that's better than either of these.
6937	9	2013-08-29	Neither one (Pats/Genos) is perfect (for my favorite steak in Philly I choose Jims) but if I'm in the area and have to choose I choose Geno's. They are cleaner and they have better meat.
6938	9	2013-08-29	More pomp than anything. †Deuchey owner (deceased). †If I want a "fast food" cheesesteak, I'll stick to Pat's.
6939	9	2013-08-28	This Place is the Best! It has the Best Philly Chesesteaks I've ever had. No Visit to Philly is complete without visiting Geno's!!! ;)
6940	9	2013-08-27	I just noticed I never wrote a review for Geno's when I was in Philly in April... †I don't know how I missed this one! I did the touristy thing in Philly... a cheese steak from Pats... and a cheese steak from Geno's. Side by side... ready... go. I realize this is a touchy subject in this area... when you like your cheese steak... you LOVE your cheese steak... and I think I like Geno's better. I'm ready for the hate mail... Pat's is good. †Don't get me wrong. †It's better than anything I would get in Northern Virginia †- pretending to be a sub... but I like the meat, and the bread better at Geno's. As far as most of the complaints about the rude staff.... I was at the window a total of about 3 seconds... wiz wit... and onward. †I didn't have a chance for them to be nasty... but I can't say they went out of the way to be nice.
6941	9	2013-08-27	Best cheese steak! I prefer this place over Pats any day. I ordered a "whiz, witout", which means cheese whiz without onions. The bread is a little crunchier and the whiz is nice and cheesy! Even with a huge line this place is quick. Eating here is like eating a piece of history. Ben Franklin would be proud.
6942	9	2013-08-27	Pat's is better (I'm no fanboy). The bread was fantastic, but the sandwich itself was lacking. I am glad I tried it, but it was very overrated. Their pork is terrible too. I will NEVER go to here or Pat's again. I can get a better cheesesteak in Florida.
6943	9	2013-08-25	I usually like Pat's better than Geno's bc Pat's is greasier. †If I'm watching my diet I go with Geno's but if I'm watching my diet I shouldn't be in this area of town now should I? †lol. †If you are new to Philly order one from both places and decide which one is better for yourself!
6944	9	2013-08-25	Similarly to Pats, you come here because it's a landmark. Geno's is also not the best cheesesteak in Philly. The two restaurants are destination spots and are worth seeing once. I would recommend getting one cheesesteak from Pats, and one cheesesteak at Ginos and splitting them both with a friend. That way, you can say that you've tried both, check it off the list, and move on to better cheesesteaks in the city.
6945	9	2013-08-23	The experience is what counts, not the food. Mediocre steaks, but there's nothing like it anywhere. Except across the street. Where there's something exactly like it.
6946	9	2013-08-23	It's hard to give a 3 star review when these cheesesteaks are the greatest sandwiches EVER! I literally fly in once a year for these. The people are sooooooo rude. I've never seen such rudeness in a place of buries ness in my life but I pretty much let it be just to eat the best
6947	9	2013-08-23	Delicious! A little out of the way to get here, but definitely a good try :)
6948	9	2013-08-22	Read my review for Pats. Same thing applies here, the steaks are gross
6949	9	2013-08-22	It was pretty much the same as Pat's except I didn't get the "soup nazi" treatment. Won't be going to either again unless one of my tourist friends really really really want to go there. But I'll do my best to convince them that Philly has more to offer than Pat and Geno's.
6950	9	2013-08-19	Ignorant, racist scumbags that make a half-assed steak and do almost as much to denigrate the image of Philadelphia as the asshole sports fans... I can't believe the goofy, schlocky appeal hasn't worn off for people yet...maybe the tourists haven't ever seen the Geno's cooks come out and gang-beat a Pat's customer before...like a lot of locals have. I myself have seen this everal times while eating at La Lupe 50 feet away. The only silver lining is that they actively manipulate the Deleware Ave wannabe-guido nightclub-tourists into shelling out $8.50 for a terrible steak. Tony Luke's or Delassandro's have far better steaks. Screw both of those festering neon distractions. They are a psychic tumor on the city.
6951	9	2013-08-18	No mushrooms, no peppers, lower quality meat, but sharper, better whiz than Pats. †Not really sure how they can compete. †Same price, same location, and same hours. †Not bad, but nothing special.
6952	9	2013-08-18	Best steak in town - it's all I want when I am traveling to Philly. Wiz on the steak and Wiz on the fries. #1 in Philly. Hands down!
6953	9	2013-08-18	Came on a sunny Saturday afternoon at 2PM, and the line was still piling on to the street, and so we chose Geno's over Pat's precisely for this reason (long lines = more popular, no?). Plus, they are efficient and the cheese steak line moves fast. This was my first Philly cheese steak experience since moving to Philadelphia, and I knew I would have to try the cheese steak with the cheese whiz. To sound like a local, you would order a "wiz wit", essentially, a cheese whiz cheese steak with grilled onions. The cheese steak itself was so-so. Tasty (mostly because of the whiz) during consumption, it leaves you with a full stomach and potentially clogged arteries after. Myopic behavior. The steak itself was too tough and much too greasy. My favorite part would probably have to be the bread - just the right amount of chew for a sandwich like this. We also ordered fries with cheese whiz on the side. Drinks and fries are a separate line, which took much longer than the actual cheese steak line. The cheese whiz quickly became congealed, and served as a constant reminder of what was happening with the cheese whiz that we'd just consumed in our bodies at that very moment. All-in-all, this is an experience not to be missed. I'll be back again soon to try out Pat's.
6954	9	2013-08-17	Not bad, probably one of the better cheesesteak places out of the most well known three.
6955	9	2013-08-16	Descriptive phrase: gaudy cheesesteak joint. It's fluorescent orange, you're not going to miss it. Geno's is one half of the historic rivalry with Pat's across the street. $9.50 for a Whiz wit (that's a cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz and onions, for you noobies). Expensive, but it is about a foot long. Long strips of steak on a fresh Italian-bread hoagie. Plenty of cheese and onions. I ate it while walking around the park and neighborhood. I thought it was pretty tasty, but more of a drunk-food. Geno's isn't gonna win any awards, but it gets the job done. And, it's an institution.
6956	9	2013-08-15	Yes yelp, I have been here, and I don't like it so stop pressuring me to review it! I don't like Geno's. Why? Because the meat is fatty and is in big chunks instead of chopped up. I hate that when I walk past this place to get to work, I have to manuever around all the cars that are illegally parked in the walk ways. I hate that I really can't drive past this place because the lines reach out into the street and tourists don't quite seem to get that they are standing in a city street. I hate the neon lights. I hate how much they charge. I hate their cheesesteaks. I like that there are napkins available outside so I can grab one on my way to work when it's cold out and I need to wipe my nose.
6957	9	2013-08-15	So I was really disappointed with Pats and was praying that Geno's salvaged my Philly cheesesteak experience. †Geno's steak was way better than Pat's. It was juicy, thicker, and seasoned. †However, with the cheese whiz, it made the steak a little salty. †It still wasn't as good as most people rant and rave about. †I can honestly get a better cheesesteak in NYC. †So out of Pat's and Geno's, Geno's wins. †But if you can get a cheesesteak in the city center, don't bother making the trip, it's not worth it.
6958	9	2013-08-13	Good Stuff but its a definitely a tourist cheese steak
6959	9	2013-08-13	I have been eating here for a really long time. And I have changed my allegiance between Pat's and Geno's probably 5 times. Unfortunately, it is because they can be inconsistent. Not from order to order, but from month to month. Sometimes Geno's steak is tender and juicy, sometimes it is fatty and dry. This is certainly not the best steak in the city and it is kind of a touristy spot, but I don't understand all the Philadelphians saying it is garbage or not even average. An average cheesesteak is one you get at a pizza place. This is better. And yes, my review of Pat's is very similar to this, because they really are very similar. The prices are ridiculous now (close to $10!), but I admit it is still a guilty pleasure. A sloppy wiz wit' at 3 am after a night of drinks is tough to beat.
6960	9	2013-08-12	Of the two, I prefer Pat's to Geno's. †There are many reasons for this choice, but here are a few. 1) Meat seems tougher and not as warm as other places. 2) Ambiance is a bit too much to stomach with all that orange. 3) Staff isn't as friendly. I'm not a fan of price, but Pat's is the same so whatever. If you want to avoid touristy places, check out any number of places featured here. †One of my favorites is Gooey Louie's.
6961	9	2013-08-11	I love going here after a concert or a ball game in the city. I've heard the staff can have an attitude, but I have yet to experience that. Tasty cheesesteaks from Gino's are the perfect late night meal!
6962	9	2013-08-10	Con Whiz Por Favor! Second stop of the day for cheeseteaks and even though the reviews were bad and there is a rumour that they are racist, we did want to give it a try and we were not disappointed. This time we chose a cheesesteak with onions and cheez whiz and it was very good. The bread was tasty, the meat was not as chopped up but more in thin slices (which was a nice change), and the onions were good (but not as good as Pat's). Only thing though was that the Whiz made this sandwich a bit watery and messy. Still very good, but next time I would go with American or Provolone instead. Yum!
6963	9	2013-08-09	With the impressive display I was expecting an extremely delicious sandwich. Instead, I ended up calling the whole thing overrated. My sandwich was bland, and the service so-so. I heard that friends who went across the way to Pat's had a better experience, which is saying a lot since Geno's has the more attractive display. Hate to say I found much to be desire at this one. Oh well, hopefully better luck next time.
6964	9	2013-08-09	I can't really speak to the xenophobia accusations, I had a perfectly good interaction in terms of service personally. On the sandwich side of things, I guess I rate this place a 3.5. †It has a pretty different style steak than Pat's, but overall I prefer Pat's better and if I'm gonna make the trek out here I probably would return to Geno's because of this. †I'm glad that I can say I've tried both of these famous joints though. The meat is in thicker, fuller slices unlike Pat's style, which is thiner, smaller chopped up meat. †This unfortunately leads to the meat being dryer. †I prefer Pat's because it's juicier and tender. †Bread and onions were good though. †I tried American when I was here, but I have since become a whiz convert so maybe I'll come again to try a whiz with.
6965	9	2013-08-09	geno the owner is fantastic! he is not a nazi and he's a great tipper! learn how to order your cheesesteaks before you come in!!!!!! they move fast... that's their tradition!!!!! give them some love!!!!!
6966	9	2013-08-07	There is so much better in South Philadelphia. †Geno's is simply established and its competition with Pat's makes it a destination for out of towners and others who appreciate it. †If you love a good cheese steak this in not the place to go. †Personally, I also find their †English-only ordering policy, "This Is AMERICA: WHEN ORDERING `SPEAK ENGLISH."' intolerant, especially as they are located in an immigrant neighborhood.
6967	9	2013-08-07	Overrated, over priced tourist trap!! †The food is ok at best.
6968	9	2013-08-06	I've have better cheesesteaks in suburban Boston. How disappointing. BTW this is the 21st century: take credit cards!
6969	9	2013-08-04	Oh come on. Most of the 1 and 2 star reviews are a little harsh. Its 3.5 star food and a bonus .5 for the 'check-the-box'.
6970	9	2013-08-02	I still prefer their steaks over Pat's for several reasons. Pieces of steak as opposed to chopped up steak sitting on a grill and one of the cleanest restaurants you will find. Not as tasty as I remember it from years ago but still the place I take out-of-towners when they want the South Philly experience. Then of couse I tell them Chinks/Joe's is the best.
6971	9	2013-08-02	Not a fan. I like my steak chopped up and with condiments on them when i go to sit down and eat.
6972	9	2013-08-01	It's and OK place. Cheesesteak sandwichs are good but a bit on the oil side. More a Tourist Trap and Kitsch type of a joint but still a fun place to visit. (the place is lit up with neon like a Las Vegas Casino) Here's what I suggest. Buy a classic Cheesesteak sandwich or two from BOTH Geno's and Pats just down the block behind you and take both of them home to the wife and kids. Cut them into 3" bite-size pieces and have them on a Friday or Saturday night for dinner while watching the Phillies, the Flyers or the Eagles. I've found in my wife and son like Pat's while I and my daughter preffer Geno's. This way everyone is happy. Enjoy!
6973	9	2013-08-01	Gross food. Gross people. Gross attitude. I wouldn't feed that "Philly" to a trash can. I wish I could have thrown it in the Skinny-Pete-wannabe's face. And the kid with the bowl cut (cool, bro) at the fry window was too busy screaming at a suspected hot pepper thief (gasp) to get our order in. Just to clarify, she had indeed purchased a Philly from Geno's, but had taken it out of the wrapper already. Our first and HOPE TO GOD ONLY visit to the laughably self proclaimed "city of brotherly love" was miserable all-around, with Geno's being the ultimate low. The only time I've ever wanted to cry while ordering food. Good riddance.
6974	9	2013-08-01	ew gross. jims on south.
6975	9	2013-08-01	Always come here for a cheesesteak since it's the famous place to go. †Quick service and always a pleasure to deal with the guys here. †Next time I'm around I may need to try a more local less touristy place to compare but overall I always enjoy my food from them.
6976	9	2013-08-01	This place is a tourist trap! I took my brother and sister here for a "taste of Philly". We got two cheeses steaks with onions and provolone, (note I am saying this wrong and if I ordered it this way id probably be refused service) with cheese fries. All Of this cost 24 dollars. After biting into the "steak" I thought I was eating leather. The meat, or so they call it, has zero flavor and was tough. The onions were not cooked and seemed to come from a bag, not fresh at all. The fries were the saving grace of this meal although they tasted like they came from McDonalds. If you wanna pay for terrible food, go here, but there are many other places in Philly, such as reading terminal or Jimmy's Steaks on south street, that have a tourist appeal and actually serve edible food! How disappointing!!
6977	9	2013-07-31	Personally, I liked my first time at Geno's. †Not overly flavored or spiced, just simple ingredients. †Food ain't political, it's either good or it's not. †This is good food! †Now. †Let's keep eating. †Lot of city to go! †LOL
6978	9	2013-07-31	Obviously if you have made a trip to Philly and not eaten a "real" Philly Cheese Steak, going to a place like Geno's is almost considered a rite of passage. It was a fun experience, but it wasn't anything magical or mouth watering. The woman who takes the orders was very impatient with people who didn't know the "ordering protocol." I particularly felt uncomfortable when she tried to rush 2 tourists whose accents were Eastern European. I get the whole "We live in America" vibe, but being rude to customers is never a good idea if you intend on keeping them. As far as the cheese steak, I ordered "One American wit" or American with onions. It had too many onions for my taste, so I took half of them off. The cheese and steak tasted good, but nothing exceptional. I think my cousin put it best when he explained that the reason people enjoy it so much is the grease and flavors that have been absorbed into the grill for so many years that it would make anything taste good. In short, I am glad I tried it to say I've been there, but will definitely go somewhere else next time I want a cheese steak.
6979	9	2013-07-31	great , first time ever , came from puerto rico and did the taste test , both genos and pat have their unique style and both taste awesome
6980	9	2013-07-30	tourist trap, tastes like you're eating rubber on a bun
6981	9	2013-07-29	Geno's is nothing more than a walk up window, but it's a colorful place to say the least. During our short visit, we saw a variety of tourists, locals, and biker dudes. We approached the window and were asked (not in the most pleasant way) what we wanted. There are three options for cheese - American, Cheese Whiz, and Provolone. He told us Whiz was the most popular, but American was the traditional. P and I decided to get one of each. To read the rest of my review and see pictures, check out my blog - City Lights & Tasty Bites citylightsandtastybites.Ä¶
6982	9	2013-07-28	We tried this place out just to compare to Pat's (across the street "original" cheesesteak place). Similar crazy pricing (cash only too). Compared to Pat's the steak was definitely much better. The fries were not as good, nor the bun. Oh well. Hopefully if you are visiting Philadelphia, then you are doing it for another reason. Cause if it is for the cheesesteaks...at least here and Pat's, we found it to be a big dissapointment. We can get better cheesesteaks in Denver!
6983	9	2013-07-27	Not a fan of Genos or Pat's. They were both either rubbery or dry and the amt of stk used is very little.
6984	9	2013-07-27	I've been to all the heavyweights that Philly has to offer in the steak sandwich market. †Geno's ranks near the bottom among them. †Apart from its curbside tourist appeal and experiencing a side-by-side comparison with the rival Pat's, my advice is to skip this mediocre steak and indulge in some Jim's or Dalessandro's.
6985	9	2013-07-26	I ordered online from grubhub and when I went to pay for my food they tried to charge me an extra $1.08 from the price I had on the website. After showing the manager that the tax was included and refusing to pay extra he still ended up with .32 cents and said we would call it even. My salad was dry and old, my garlic bread was garlic crust, there was no bread to it. I had to close my eyes and imagine garlic to even taste it. My first experience I asked if I could substitute onions for another toppings. The response was sure and at the end of the meal is when I found out I was charged $3.00 for the topping. I thought substitute meant an equal exchange. I ordered 2 groupons and both experiences were not good. This has taught me a lesson about buying more than 1 groupon at a time. There is a reason they are selling them as in lack of business. The place was empty on a Saturday afternoon. If you go here check your bill. There was one positive, they were nice, while that is great, I would prefer good food.
6986	9	2013-07-26	Hit Pat's across the street. Geno's is all flash... 2 best words to describe this place: Tourist attraction.
6987	9	2013-07-26	I've gotten better cheesesteaks at Jersey Mikes. †Even as a tourist (I'm new to Philly; from the South), this is disgusting. Generic, bland, possibly stale bread, dry chopped bland steak, and for what you get it is way over-priced.
6988	9	2013-07-26	The so-called "food" they serve here is hospital food quality. †I don't understand how this place (as well as the other place across the street from it) stays in business, when there so many GENUINE cheese steak places in Philly. For a proper cheese steak, you are much better off going to Pastificio's or, even better, Steaks N Shakes, where the prices are very reasonable without cutting back on quality of ingredients. Basically, Geno's is an incredibly over rated tourist trap.
6989	9	2013-07-26	A Philly icon, what else to say? †A true taste of "The Philadelphia Cheesesteak". † If you can get through fluorescent-light attack on your soul, endless wall of celebrity/employee photos, strict and succinct ordering process, then you are rewarded with a thing of pure unadulterated greasy beauty, the Cheesesteak! † †As a personal fan of the steak sheets or slabs of meat, rather then the chopped up and shredded kind of cheesesteak serving method you may find in a generic food court faux-steak, Geno's steps up to bat with an MVP in the late-night artery-clogging games. †Geno's vs Pat's, the rival of the century in South Philly. †Everyone has there preference, and while your group of friends may split up on Passyunk Ave and choose to pray upon their respective altars of the greasy-god, know that your both shortening your life-span together. †But oh, what a way to go!
6990	9	2013-07-25	Late night drunk food. Fights in line while waiting? No Thanks! The steaks aren't that great either.
6991	9	2013-07-25	Worst steaks in Philly. Save your money, save your waste-line, and try eating from a real cheesesteak place.
6992	9	2013-07-25	I've unfortunately stopped here several times at the insistence of friends visiting from out of town and have never had a cheesesteak that didn't immediately cause my stomach to rebel against me. I'm sure they've got some good things going for them, but the stringy meat and gaudy signage are enough that I would not voluntarily eat here. If you're in this neighborhood and can live without a cheesesteak, check out the nearby Rim Cafe: it's not at all similar to this fare since it's a chocolate shop, but the owner is unbelievably hospitable and borderline insane (in the best way possible).
6993	9	2013-07-24	I wish this place would just shut down and save electricity.
6994	9	2013-07-24	pat's is better, and i only give pat's 3 stars
6995	9	2013-07-23	The guy behind the counter is clearly exercising his psychic powers because when I walked up he just stared at me, obviously, to see if I was a telepath as well. †I'm sure in his mind he had given me a warm welcome and asked me what I'd like to order. †Unfortunately, I'm not a telepath so this came off as rude which is probably so far from the truth. †After I placed my order for 5 cheese steaks, I watched a guy take meat WITH HIS UNGLOVED HANDS and drop it onto the griddle. At that point, certain of rhinovirus or some other pathogen, he scooped it up with a spatula as he held the roll with the other hand. †In his defense, the roll-hand wasn't the one he used for meat--just the one he used to rub his face. †The food didn't get me sick so I guess, that's where the one star really shines. †By the way, the place across the street--worse.
6996	9	2013-07-22	awesome
6997	9	2013-07-21	I am a Pat's girl...sorry, folks :) The steak is too thick and it looks like the steak you get of out of the freezer.
6998	9	2013-07-19	This place only survives because of tourists. No locals in their right mind would eat here or at the competitors across the street. The only item that is actually edible are the cheese fries with melted American, but I still wouldn't wait in line for them. The service is rude and rushed, steaks are overpriced, meat is cold, cheese not melted, rolls soggy, outside condiments are unsanitary and completely nauseating... I could go on, but you should get the point by now. Go to John's Roast Pork, Tony Luke's, Chink's (now known as Joe's) in the NE, Gooey Louie's, pretty much anywhere but here. I know the bright lights can be mesmerizing, but as always, go AWAY from the light!
6999	9	2013-07-19	When you've had the best steak & cheese, everything else is just normal. Pretty cool how they use cheese whiz, melts fast. The taste wasn't anything extraorDinary but it was good. If I'm in Philly soon I'll see myself here again.
7000	9	2013-07-16	I avoided this place like the plague, but I just had to check it out when a friend was visiting because of god knows why. I'm going to go back to avoiding this place like the plague. It's crap. don't go here. Yes, I'm going to use this same review for the place across the street, because they both suck.
7001	9	2013-07-14	The cheesesteak was not good, rather dry and flavorless. The business is also pretty racist and goes beyond patriotism to something quite offensive. Not worth waiting in line for, and there's not much space to enjoy your food once you've gotten it.
7002	9	2013-07-12	"This place survives because of its name, not its awful food or racist business practices" Food: 1/5 Service: 1/5 Atmosphere: 1/5 Parking: 1/5 Cleanliness: 1/5 † † Geno's will receive the worst review I have made on yelp to date. Absolutely dreadful. † †Philadelphia is certainly not famous for being a "clean" city and the surrounding neighborhood of this restaurant is testament to this fact, almost third world actually. However, this famous Philly restaurant surely does NOT live up to its name. † †To begin, the whole restaurant is surrounded by bumper stickers saying "speak English to order" or "Press 1 to speak English, press 2 to get deported" Wow, way to live in the legal gray area we call being a rude, bigoted business owner. Not to mention the outdoor area was absolutely filthy with trash literally in the streets, dirty unwiped tables, the whole nine. Looking indoors, the food prep area looks aged, dirty, and overall unsanitary. † Service is rushed, rude, and very gruff. Perhaps coming from the suit-and-tie culture of DC and landing in the blue collar world of Philly is the real culture shock for me but more likely, the employees here just behave rudely and rush people through. †Parking is non-existent, good luck. Otherwise, I've had better cheesesteaks at diners in rural Virginia...I'd rather eat at subway in fact. Maybe I'll order in Spanish just to spite this terrible restaurant we call Geno's.
7003	9	2013-07-11	Gross... its a tourist attraction. But they do not make good cheeseteaks.
7004	9	2013-07-10	My friend and I ordered a Wiz Wit from both here and their neighbor Pats when visiting Philly from NYC. It was a great cheesesteak, but I gotta say I liked Pats better. I gotta say this place has the stand-out personality though. Bright orange colors and motorcycles everywhere. While ordering some guy at the window yells "hey that's a pats steak you cant put that on here". He somehow caught a guy through a line of customers loading up his pat's steak with peppers. Classic.
7005	9	2013-07-10	This may be the birthplace of the cheesesteak, but the food is pretty mediocre. For $9.50, you get a sizeable sandwich with/without onions, and your choice of cheese. The bread was chewy, and the onions tasted like they were boiled and had no taste whatsoever. It may be a (rather gaudy) food landmark, but the food isn't anything to write home about. You can honestly get a better cheesesteak anywhere else in the city
7006	9	2013-07-09	Sadly, this place was a let down. Took a detour on our roadtrip to NYC and was really excited to taste an authentic Philly Cheesesteak sandwich. Unfortunately, Geno's was not the place. I got it with provolone and it was dry. The fries were soggy. The whole experience was blah. The place itself was a joint where you order from a window. One window for the sandwiches and another window for fries and drinks, so that's two lines you have to wait in. As far as service goes, there's not much. The people working there were not that helpful or friendly for a restaurant that has a lot of tourists coming through. They were just there doing their job of passing out food and collecting money. If you're like me and looking for a sandwich dripping with sauce and cheese, this is not the place to get it from. I don't even remember tasting cheese. The best part was the soft bread. I think I've had a better Philly cheeststeak from the D&B's in California.
7007	9	2013-07-09	I have only been to Geno's Steaks once so its hard for me to judge.
7008	9	2013-07-09	Tourist spot. †Sub-par steaks. †Not enough meat on the bun. †Many other better places to go to. †It is open late night. †Good for an after drunk Cheese Steak when everyone else is closed..
7009	9	2013-07-08	So we drove to Philly over the weekend and wanted to experience what all the rave was about at both Pat's and Geno's (you can find my review for Pat's on their page). Well where do I begin? The location is horrible, such an unsafe neighborhood in an unsafe city, parking was horrendous (we had to park nearly 3 blocks away) and I for one felt really uncomfortable leaving my nice car parked in such a torn down neighborhood. So, we walk over to the stands (they're not restaurants.. just stands where you order food) get in line at Geno's (which for some odd reason stretches into the middle of the street; the line that is) the wait was about the same as it was at Pat's approx 10 minutes which wasn't bad for a "tourist trap" food stand. The service was here was somewhat better, the yelling was kept to a minimun. Once we ordered we stood on the counter space and ate there. We got a "wit american" sandwich which was pretty bad... the meat was under seasoned (i see a pattern between the two places) the cheese was ok (at least it was melted), the bread was hard unpleasant. So what makes this a one star and the place across the street a two star? Well for one, we didn't see ROACHES crawling up and down the wall of Pat's like we did here, nor was the other stand littered with trash up and down it's sides. Overall, the whole experience was very disappointing, after all the talk and hoopla about this place it truly wasn't anything special. People say "well you go there for the experience" what experience are they talking about? horrible parking, bad smells, rude people, mediocre food & ROACHES?
7010	9	2013-07-08	Only give this one star cause I have to. †IT IS A BIG FAT ZERO IN MY BOOK. †My wife and I had to try both Pat's and Geno's to compare for ourselves which is the best. †I reviewed Pat's also. †You can read that review as well. †We ordered one "wit whiz and wit" from each place. Honestly, I don't know why this place continues to exist except for the hype TV gives it. †There is nothing about this place that would make me want to come back. †Even if they gave me a lifetime free pass for food I would go elsewhere......PASS. So the truth about the feud....Pat's is much better than Geno's. †The meat was flavorless....no spices.......the hoagie roll was cold......the Whiz was one small squirt and only on one end of the sandwich. †The onions were not even cooked through. †Talk about hype.......Pat's blows Geno's out of the swimming pool. Truth be told this would be the last place in Philly I would come for a decent sandwich. †We have a local chain called: Big John's Steak and Onion that makes a better sandwich that either of these two. † As for getting there.....these two establishments are in a bad part of town. †Parking is terrible. †We parked about a block away, right in front of a storefront where they were raising chickens. †The stench was overwhelming. †Garbage was everywhere. †These Philadephians need to learn to throw their garbage away like the rest of the world. †The entire city needs a bath. †We had to work our way around all types of litter and garbage. †Nice way to eat a meal. †The smell of chicken crap and rotting garbage just enhances the meal so much (sarcasm Sheldon). My advice, go to Reading Terminal Market if you want to experience a Philly Cheese Steak. †At least you have a seat and dessert is but a few steps away, and when I say dessert I don't mean some type of crunchy cookie but excellent desserts. Sorry Geno's you don't even rate a one in my book. Time to find another line of work.
7011	9	2013-07-07	Purely for the Pat's v. Geno's debate. I prefer Jim's on South
7012	9	2013-07-07	LIsten to me fellow Yelpers! I am SORRY!...I didn't believe or heed your reviews! This was seriously one of the worst cheesesteaks I have ever had. It really is over-hyped. Why did I go here? I am stationed in Maryland (Go AIr Force!) and my family and I were driving on I-95 here in town and at around 3PM i had a vision of an amazing dinner! For some reason Philly popped into my head. So I told the family, "Hold on; we are going to Philly; I want a cheesesteak...from that famous place!". So, I stayed on 95 going North and braced for the 2 hour drive. Got to Philly...never been; very nice! Drove straight to Geno's and was amazed how cool the environment was. Its a cross between Ghetto and Suburban...Pretty sure the cops and the mafia have told the thieves, murderers and gang bangers to STAY away from the tourist and white people! lol....because there were alot of white people and oddly enough kids and stuff in that area. Anyway...it was inviting but yet made you stay on your toes about where you actually were...in a big city! So the line to get the sandwich was quick ($9...cash only!) then another line to get drinks and fries! All and all its about $30 for 2 cheesesteaks and 2 sodas and fry. Enough about the dumb stuff, here is the down low: Pros: environment culture lively experience Cons: expensive crowded no exceptional taste to sandwich dry bread was chewy So all and all, the place was cool, lights definately made a difference in my choice of places (Genos or Pats), but it really did suck! Seriously...there was nothing special about it! Enjoy the post!
7013	9	2013-07-06	Wasn't impressed, seemed like a great idea to make the trip on my Hayabusa with my fellow riders from DC for a steak but I can honestly say I've had better outside of Philly than Geno's so I'm confused about the whole thing. †Overpriced, very little meat, cheese whiz was ridiculously runny...so disappointed I didn't even get into the SECOND line after waiting in the long first line for steaks only to get fries. †Excuse me, "American Fries"...which by the way unlike many that work there I've served in the military 23 years and can call them whatever kind of fries I want.
7014	9	2013-07-05	I had the cheesesteak and the pork. †not a big fan of the pork but the cheesesteak is definitely8 better than pat's. †if you like hot spicy food, make sure you use their x sauce. † it's spicy as hell and will kick your ass if you don't repsect it.
7015	9	2013-07-04	Always consistent † † A Philadelphia tradition. † † Usually better than their competition (Pat's Steaks)
7016	9	2013-07-03	I grew up around the corner from here and pretty much everything about Geno's is awful. The neon, the steaks, and the absurd politics of South Philly's racist Italian Uncle, Joey Vento.. this place has no redeeming qualities. If you want to support the legacy of a white supremacist, homophobic bigot and eat the most overrated, grisly, rough cheesesteaks known to man by all means, go to Geno's. But if you have any respect for human dignity and want to eat something that taste goods, try literally *any* South Philly corner store and you'll find a better steak. edit: ok, so Vento is undoubtedly burning in neon faux-vegas hell as we speak, and i hear his family is less ridiculous, but still, the jingoism and fascist reaction that adorn the place... na vergogna.
7017	9	2013-07-03	Geno's is a popular tourist attraction in South Philly that also sells cheesesteaks. I say this because the most frequent argument regarding the iconic sandwich is "Pat's or Geno's"? The answer, as anyone who lives here knows, is neither. Better steaks can be had in other local chains as well as on many Philly street corners, but Geno's is fine for what it is. It has a walk-up window where customers can order their food (in ENGLISH, dammit! They make a point of letting you know that to help rid the line of pesky foreigners and their "biftecks du fromage" or whatever), a window to pick it up, and some outdoor seating to enjoy your food in whatever language you want. Service is about what you'd expect at a stationary food cart. Make your order, get your food and go away. If you want bottle service or valet parking, you've come to the wrong cheesesteak spot. The actual food is fine as well. The steaks are smallish but tasty, the fries are made fresh and hot with enough salt, and they didn't screw up the fountain soda either. Nothing to rave about for veterans, but newcomers to the cheesesteak experience will likely enjoy it. Overall, Geno's is a solid representation of cheesesteaks for anyone who hasn't had one. I imagine Geno's is to Philly what the Statue of Liberty is to New York...go if you come here, but not if you live here.
7018	9	2013-07-01	What I don't like is when they slice the frozen bull meat you get so much gristle which make it chewy. The fry are good considering the come in pellet form. just ass water lol Sorry but since Bobby left God rest his soul DOWNHILL
7019	9	2013-07-01	Cold meat, unmelted cheese, rude staff-- †there are probably a thousand better cheesesteak †places in the city. †I have no reason to ever return to this place.
7020	9	2013-07-01	So, I was just in Philly this weekend and decided to try a different cheesteak place other than my regular in North Philly. †When we came up on Geno's we noticed that Pat's was right across the street. †Shame on us for picking Geno's based solely upon the presentation of the venue. †Passing by Pat's looked a lil shabby, but the cheesteaks looked more appealing. The line at Geno's was long,but moved quickly..why? because they were shelling out already made sandwhiches. †The cashier was cool but when the person in front of us pushed the window back to hear the cashier, another coworker snatched the window back closed, which the cashier pushed right back open, THAT WAS RUDE. The steak on the cheesesteak had no flavor, and the only thing that made mine edible was dousing it in the juice from the cherry pepper. † Needless to say before gettting back on the road to VA, we retracked our steps back to NORTH PHILLY, and got a damn good cheesteak!!
7021	9	2013-06-30	I've been here once about two summers ago, and to be completely honest, I was more than disappointed. Why come here for a Philly Cheesesteak when food carts all over Philadelphia offer equally authentic cheesesteak sandwiches? The magic cheese whiz was a little unappetizing, but people don't come here for the food, but more for the "been-there, done-that experience." To my disappointment, the cashier shouted at me for seemingly to have taken my time to order, and corrected me for incorrectly calling the fries "French Fries" instead of "American Fries." Sorry but not sorry, I didn't have the time to finish reading the menu before I was yelled at. I think being Asian-American here made the situation worse (based on the way I was treated by the cashier), and the Italian Market up the street past 6pm made me feel out of place and uncomfortable. To be fair, that was one of my first experiences anywhere outside of UCity. I heart Pat's across the street is nicer, but I haven't been there personally. Aside from the bad treatment, I'm just glad I've made a trip down there, and whenever asked the "Pat's or Geno's" question, I always gladly pick Pat's even though I haven't been. At least I don't think I'll be yelled at my the cashier there.
7022	9	2013-06-30	Sure, it's famous, but it's far from the best in town. I know that the angry guy behind the counter yelling at you to "Hurry up and order" is supposed to be part of the experience or whatever, but I'd rather go to a nice, family run place and get some much better food without the hassle.
7023	9	2013-06-29	I wish it was the case that the conversation about the best cheesesteaks in Philly came down to Pat's versus Geno's. †The reality is that both places are more hype than substance. †If you are looking for a fun, touristy experience, by all means go to either of these establishments. †Either restaurant is a great way to end a bachelor party or a guys' night out. †However, as a guy who is more interested in a great sandwich than a social scene, I wouldn't waste my time. †If you are swayed by food quality and taste and want to have the best cheesesteak (as opposed to social experience), go to Jim's on South Street, Dellasandro's on Ridge, or Mama's in Bala Cynwyd.
7024	9	2013-06-29	Quick service, sliced steak with American cheese, nice bun, very filling, liked this better than Pat's!
7025	9	2013-06-29	its a good philly cheesesteak, but it's a little pricey. they don't offer water, which to me is just weird. the cheese fries were delicious but also too much.
7026	9	2013-06-29	You're either a Pat's guy or a Geno's guy. I am a Geno's guy, all the way. It's a classic Philly establishment, with a Philly attitude and I love it. It's a staple of the community and it's got great food to boot. I love the hearty cheesesteaks, and they're probably my favorite in-city joint. Only thing that is disappointing is the lack of seating once it gets crowded.
7027	9	2013-06-28	Food was ok, employees friendly but they are racist and generalize which was disrespectful, for them to be an attraction of PA( Big NO NO)
7028	9	2013-06-28	This is a definite tourist trap. And locals really only hit it up late night when they are extremely drunk and nothing else is open. I have had better cheese steaks around town. Overpriced, greasy, and gross.
7029	9	2013-06-28	I like Geno's. †I like Pats. †I like them all. †But Geno's makes me feel a little more "Philly" !!! †I like the attitude, I can't help it. †And frankly, compared to Pat's they are a LOT cleaner. †I sort of skev Pats. †Jim's on South and Tony Luke's, as well as Delissandro's are still my very favorites, but late night grub from Geno's RULES.
7030	9	2013-06-27	Always great people watching, especially late night. The drunker you are the better the steaks. Still, even S*&%faced, not that great. Whatever, do it once and make your own opinion, it's worth the experience at least.
7031	9	2013-06-27	Too hyped up. Definately prefer Pat's
7032	9	2013-06-27	Tourist trap, plenty of better options elsewhere.
7033	9	2013-06-27	Whats a trip to Philadelphia without stoping here? Its a large sandwich full of meat, and toppings. You can not feel hungry after eating one of his world famous Cheese-Steak sandwiches. It very clean inside and out and you get what you pay for a nice big sandwich. You can not go wrong trying a world famous Geno's cheese-steak..
7034	9	2013-06-26	When it comes to the rivalry Pat's vs Geno's; Pats wins. Geno's just has some weird taste to each part of their product. The bread just seems off, the whiz is just congealed, and steak as a whole is a good concept, but it gets really stringy. I avoid Geno's and tell any person visiting Philadelphia to also avoid.
7035	9	2013-06-25	Pats and Genos are the same --- tourist trap cheesesteaks but with lots of character. Take out-of-towners here, but you know the real locals go to John's Roast Pork, Tony Lukes, Dalessandro's, etc. The pluses are the convenient location to the Italian Market and that its open like 24/7. Whiz wit is the way to go. Get the peppers from the pepper bar.
7036	9	2013-06-21	Pats and Genos are Philadelphia institutions.....terrible, terrible institutions. Save the calories. If you are a tourist, go here for the experience, then promptly go somewhere else for your cheesesteak.
5320	9	2013-06-21	Philly classic, made even more famous by the late Joey Vento's insistance on ordering in English only. † This is a late night Philly tradition, if you're drunk and need to soak up some of the alcohol, you'll find yourself here 9 out of 10 times. †I If you're going to go out for a cheesesteak for lunch or dinner and are looking for a gourmet version, this isn't it. †What you get here is a large and hearty sandwich at the first window, average fries and drinks at the second. I guess if you're a local (as in you live walking distance from it), you will try some of the other things on the menu, but if you drove or took a cab here like 99% of the other people, you're here for the cheesesteak. The strict rules for ordering are mostly tongue in cheek, you'll see every other person in line ignore the sign and order it in their own way so don't be intimidated. †The staff here realize their livelihood depends on the tourist dollars, don't let their attitude fool you.
7037	9	2013-06-20	Wanted to try the original cheesesteaks so I went to both Pat's and Geno's. The only difference was I got Whiz at Pat's and provolone at Geno's. Overall, they're both about the same though it seemed like the bread was better at Pat's. Overall I give the nod to Pat's but honestly, you can get better cheesesteak than you'll find at either one.
7038	9	2013-06-19	Great Philly Cheesesteaks, just like Pat's across the street but they suffer the same problem. †Miserable staff. †It is kind of a running joke with these places that if you order wrong they get mad. †Sometimes, I think it is a good idea to move on and find a new job if you are miserable because it show's in your work. †Again, great food, but terrible attitudes.
7039	9	2013-06-19	A famous and flamboyant part of South Philly, Geno's is an experience unique to Philadelphia. The cheesesteaks (and fries and drinks) are a bit overpriced, the rudeness and bigotry ("English speakers only") are off-putting, and the huge collection of law-enforcement patches are, with the most cynical interpretation, a disturbing ode to authoritarian establishment such as is rarely seen. A possible plus is that, while Geno's aways seems somewhat busy, I didn't have to wait in a long line to eat (unlike Jim's, where I had to wait an hour). The cheesesteak itself, while enjoyable, was not as otherworldly as some might claim, and others might expect. † Despite all of that, I have to admit that I enjoy the gaudiness of the neon and the bright-as-day lights that come on at night. There is a certain "fun" quality to this place, and it attracts all sorts of people (the locals, the tourists, the young, the old, the panhandlers; I even saw "Santa" here once during the Christmas season, eating a cheesesteak after a hard day's work, still in full costume). Geno's is not a place to come if you want a good value, or great food. It doesn't earn the amount of business it gets through taste, quality, or service. The draw of Geno's (somewhat tenuous) claims to history or authenticity are largely countered by its Disneyland-esque fakeness. But I would say it's worth visiting once, seeing the lights at night, trying a cheesesteak "wit provolone and onions," comparing it to the one found across the street at Pat's and enjoying the uniquely Philadelphian experience.
